Latin America later we could see the list of the eight and from the main
three aspect of the pathway. The first is the developer education. In the emerging
region we're gonna have the developer education in each region to educate the
developers and to how could they use Ethereum to build the
native applications and also how could they use AI knowledge or AI
tools or genetics even if you are not a developer, you are a product manager, you
are an operation, you are a marketing and you could use the AI agent or use the AI
tools to do your own business, to create your own project. And the second is
the hack zone and the selection track. In each region we're gonna also have the
offline hack zone and online hack zone to select the builders around the world
and send them to the later, you know, about October in pop-up cities to
accelerate them and gonna have the chance to introduce your project
more during the dive count in Mumbai. And also in the region just like
Australia there are lots of the good researchers there and we're also gonna
to collaborate with the universities to have the research workshops to
discover more about the frontier research in each aspect. So for the whole
year's timeline you could see that today is the official launch of the EHE this
year's plan and from May to September they're gonna be just as we said is
there is a global builder applications and the builders initiatives from in
Africa, Australia, Latin America and the Indian and in about this gonna be
happen in half a year and in about October they are gonna be in Shanghai
in 2026 and welcome all of you to apply for it, to join the pop-up cities, to
find your co-founders there, to meet with the VCs, to exchange with
the directly information from the founders who have been succeed and we
will help all of you to do our best to support. And for Shanghai this year
gonna be happen in October in Hong Kong and some weeks in Shenzhen and for the
last week of Shanghai this year gonna be hosting Mumbai because of this
year's dive count which is the largest developer conference in Eastern
ecosystem gonna be happen in Mumbai in November. So the last week of this year's
Shanghai is in Mumbai and we hope that every of the builders around the world
could join what's happen in Mumbai and have the chance to present to show the
broader Eastern ecosystem what you are doing. So here is the whole planted cities
in each region. We're gonna be go to Kenya, Ghana, Bolivia, Australia, New Zealand,
Indian and come join us this trip, this explore together. Okay I think it's a
whole introduction for EAG. For last ten years we have built lots of the
infrastructure. Last ten years is for infrastructure but next ten years is
for applications. I think no matter you are the developer, you are everyone who
want to build on Ethereum or you have already have the institutions project on
the Ethereum. Let's join EAG together to accelerating the real world impact among
the Ethereum application ecosystem. Thank you. Thank you Audrey. As we are heading
into the later half of the event I'd like to welcome those who have just
joined us at Ethereum application gathering. Let's start chapter 3
application tracks, real world directions. We will have a deep dive into emerging
applications directions where Ethereum can create real projects. Next we have
YQ founder of Outlayer sharing his insight on agentic engineering on
Ethereum challenges and solutions. Please welcome YQ. Yeah great to see
everyone. So YQ here founder of Outlayer. So today I'm going to share sort of the
progress and also updates we've been working on on this agentic engineering
on Ethereum in general. And some of you may recognize like sort of the stuff I
was working on like since early this year. So I've been working on project
called Ease 2030. Basically I use like different models to do this agentic
engineering to really code sort of the all the new EIPs and the features for
the Ethereum for the next five years roadmap. And it actually came from one of
the batch I had with Vitalik. So we like we batched I sort of like whether I can
really code like sort of the the Ethereum roadmap for the next five years
in a week. And before this sort of this year Chinese New Year I really use like
this cloud code and also this codex to do this kind of a challenge within a
week. Basically code as you can see right are tons of lines, code and to
implement brand new Ethereum client for both execution client and also these
consensus client to achieve sort of the all the new features and the EIPs for
Ethereum for the next few years. And you can check out the website it's
eth2030.com and you can see it has all the details on the all the EIP and
features for the next few years. The cool things is not just about like okay we
can really web code or do this agentic engineering to code everything for
Ethereum core protocol in a week. We have a lot of license and the learnings
from this. As I mentioned here right we spent almost a week and to code it but
after that we spent another month to really fix all the bugs and do all the
debugging and to make it work and to have the sort of the DevNet. And also
based on our experience we also trying to figure out okay beyond these sort of
coding agents and also this engineering stuff right what kind of agents we need
Ethereum and for these agents like what kind of new features and tools we need
to develop to support them. And beyond that based on the experience and
learnings and also the challenges we face we also customize a bunch of these
tools like this Austin mentioned earlier like sort of the skills and we further
fine-tune some models to make it like we can have a better developer experience
and ship faster with all these new tools we develop and later I can share more
about it. And in the future if you really want to redo this kind of East 2030 or
similar kind of very hardcore engineering on Ethereum you can just
reuse these tools to like make your work ten times faster. As I just mentioned
right all the things that came from this batch I was Vitalik and and basically we
tried to basically work on it day and night for six or seven days and to
implement the Ethereum roadmap for the next five years it called a strong map
and it has a lot of brand new features as you can see right it has features
about its native account abstraction and also different this kind of ZK features
ZKVM and beyond that it also includes some of the post quantum cryptography to
protect the entire particle against like sort of these quantum computer attacks.
It has I think over like tons of these EIPs and some of them are public and
some but some of them are still under like sort of discussion phase so you
won't really have a lot of information on like sort of the website. And if you
look at like sort of the the codebase we developed for these brand new Ethereum
roadmap you can see that the structure is pretty good it follows the the golden
standard for a lot of these blockchain engineering and I at the same time we
all know that Ethereum has a different layers there's execution layer like
this gold Ethereum and also this consensus layer like this lighthouse and
some other ones. And the cool thing is I just to show you right like after the
first week we have all the codebase and then we spend a month to really debug
all that sort of the issues we have. And if you got like okay some of the issue
is not about like like sort of the the coding aging problem it's really like
the complexity of deployment and also development of the Ethereum
protocol is just a way to complicate it. For example if you want to set up
a damn net right you need proper tools to set up a bunch of nodes. We all know
that these physical cloud and codecs they're good on this web 2
development like this new UI, new backend, CRUD. But when they face this
sort of very complex tasks and the very complicated protocol especially in this
distributed environment it's not that straightforward. Even we set up
this kind of environment with a bunch of developers you can see that it requires
multiple nodes and you need have different configurations. You have the
consensus layer you also have the execution layer. So the coordination is
another problem. So these things are not like sort of in the public that's why
most of model don't really know this and that's sort of the thing we need to
instruct and teach the models to understand. And beyond that as I mentioned
typical is pretty cool to create a bunch of these codebase. I believe a lot
of you already have the experience like writing this code with web coding or
this agent engineering. At the beginning is pretty cool. Quickly we can like the
AI shape some code, shape the sort of the MVP. But when the codebase I mean the
lines of code increase a lot and we start to figure out it's pretty difficult
to debug. So that's sort of echo to the point I mentioned right. We spent six
days building it but another like sort of a month to really debug it to make
the first DevNet working. And if you look at like sort of some of the
learnings and challenges we are facing. So it basically is about like the scope
we can feed into the models. For example if it's just a single function fix or
like feature, single feature implementation is fine. But even for a
single EIP implementation is okay. Typically like after the implementation
with a bunch of tasks it works perfectly. But once you cross multiple
functions and multiple EIPs and it start to sort of having a lot of problems. The
reason now we know that it's real about the context, the context management. For
most of the models at that time, for example even for the Opals for
crowd, it only has like 20,000 this kind of a context. But right now it has
1 million. It probably mitigated the issues a little bit but in general it
couldn't really feed all these kind of tons of alliance code into this context.
And for most of the time it couldn't make the correct decision either for
implementation or for debugging. So that's why as you can see right, with
small this kind of context like injected into these kind of models it
becomes like not as efficient as if just for some simple functions or simple
tasks. And at the same time if you use a lot of this agentic and engineering
right, if you got like for most of time even we have proper test suites and also
a lot of these integration tasks. But for most of time we can see that there's
some silent failures. The model doesn't tell you but actually it tells, it works
but there are some hidden bugs, hidden failure crashes and make it like not
really work as we expect. So that's a part like if we really want to make
something as well as we want, it's better like to really make all these kind of
failures and errors to make as a crash. At least the models can recognize and
also human can recognize. Beyond that, during debugging we found hundreds of these
bugs and as I mentioned right, these bugs are basically hidden inside all
different places. Especially if it cross function, cross libraries and cross
EIPs, it's pretty tricky for the AI to figure out because like it doesn't have
enough context. And for a lot of these this kind of caveats, all these hidden
bugs actually is identified during our human testing and basically we roughly
know it will have some problems and in the end it really has the problems. And
beyond that, there's another thing we learned during this process that I we
really need some sort of these, right now we call it like shared memory or like
some this kind of shared context because like you may not just run one
agent, you may run multiple agents in different environments. So in that case
we definitely need some files or these kind of shared memories
across all the different agents. And typically if you are using cloud code,
the cloud.md is the best. You can treat it as bugs and sometimes you
can really treat it as a shared memory and a context. So in that case if you
pull some specific or explicit instructions in it, for most of the time
the coding agent will follow. For codecs it will be agent.md. That's why like
granularly figure out if we have a specific file, we can call it memory or
sometimes external files, and we ask the coding agent to follow it. But for most
of the time they don't really check. Even you write it specifically in the
document, but it doesn't check. But if you put it at this kind of cloud.md or
agents.md, typical these agents will check. And beyond that I also summarized
a bunch of these rules and the learnings in general. As I mentioned, if
you have a relatively complicated task or like sort of these kind of
codebase, you spend probably 10% of the time on this development, but the other
remaining time probably you just spend on the integration and also this
debugging. And beyond that as I mentioned, this autonomy of the agents
and agent engineering sort of decrease when sort of the scope grows
because the context doesn't have enough space to capture all this kind of
knowledge. And at the same time if we are working on some areas basically
there's not enough public knowledge, but with a lot of domain knowledge, then we
will see that most of the time we will still be on the experts time. They spend
time on debugging and help the AI to do the development and debugging. And in the
end I said another thing. If you are like sort of senior engineer, you will see
that this AI can be 100 times amplified. But if for not a lot of knowledge you
want AI to be the magic, at that time you will see that the AI won't really help
you much because there's a lot of, it may also further introduce a lot of
bugs. And beyond that as I also mentioned, apart from this East 2030, we
start to figure out, okay, beyond just doing this engineering for Ethereum
core protocol, we probably want to see in the future its agentic era. So what kind
of things we need to support all the different agents. So one thing that I'm
not sure whether you know there's a standard called 8004. It basically helps
to register agents and also provide this reputation validation for different
agents to register on chain. And we built this called 8004 scan. And right now we
already index over 20 different chains including Ethereum base, BNB chain, and
even Solana. So the EFT team will deploy the same contracts on different
chains and all the agents on different chains so they can register on this sort
of 8004. And our 8004 scan will index all the agents with all
different metrics and analytics. As you can see, right, for just three months we
grew from like sort of this zero to over like sort of a hundred seventy
thousand agents on chain. And beyond that as I mentioned, right, it's not just a
pure indexing or registration system for the on-chain agents. Actually we also
have different ways to measure the quality of the agents. We regularly
capture like sort of their their their wallet data and also we test the
liveness of the different sort of agent to make sure like if there are some
users or agent want to call them they are always online. And beyond that as
I mentioned