carbon value circulation, including carbon asset conformation, the global carbon trading,
and automatic revenue sharing, combining with smart contracts supports pay-go remote control
and automatic revenue sharing, greatly reducing overseas operation costs.
Our goal is to make every energy device a node in a decentralized Web3 world and integrating
energy green system into the Web3 value system and finally realizing energy inclusiveness
and global energy equity.
That's all.
Thank you.
Okay.
So yeah, our panelists gave a very good example.
So from the robot car, the smart vehicle to the open source chipset to the AI-based camera
and also energy devices.
So we see that it's not just the hardware.
If the hardware can sense, can take the duration by the AI and can take the action, then we
believe that this device, this hardware should have the machine ID, should have the machine
wallet and they must have the right to participate in the machine economy as the independent
economy agent.
So yes, our panelists gave us the very good, you know, the use case, the example.
So we go to the next question and because we have the panel topic today is from the
device to the autonomous system.
So the second question is, what do you see as the biggest challenge or the biggest opportunity?
Then we try to integrate the blockchain, the Web3 into the autonomous, the hardware, like
the AI robot, the robot car, the open source chipset, the AI camera, the imaging equipment
or the energy devices.
So yeah, let's start with Ben.
Well I think the biggest challenge for us, for me, because we are relatively new to this
Web3 world, but we saw this as our destiny because we know where we are heading.
The biggest challenge is traditionally, I think, is for the native Web3 companies and
then for the traditional hardware companies.
I will speak from my perspective.
Yesterday, last year actually, we came over for the Fintech week that was much bigger
and all the Token 2049 in Singapore, in Dubai, we see all the hot waves.
Today is much more rational, but the major differences we saw, I saw this year is there's
much more participation from the so-called traditional hardware company and also the
smart machine company.
I think for us, the biggest challenge for us is just to really understand the fundamental
logic of the Web3 world.
When we believed in this, and then the next challenge for us is how, because all the traditional
machines and also the Web3 world, the crypto world, were not built for the human world,
but the machine was built for the human world, but not built for the machine world.
So biggest challenge for us is how can we, this machine economy, can integrate the smart
mobility and the smart machine and combine it into smart assets.
But certainly, at the same time, it's also the biggest opportunity for us.
I remember last year, I think it was eight months ago, when we were having this Fintech
week in Hong Kong, Leo and me, I think Du Yu and KK, a few others, we were sitting there,
and Leo showed me this X post from Vitalik.
That day, Vitalik, the speaker you're going to see in the next 20 minutes, he's the founder
of Ethereum.
Basically, he posted an X on that day.
If I remember correctly, he says, I really believe the open, verifiable, and autonomous
will be the key requirement to build a genuine machine economy.
So that's when we, I felt very excited by his statement, because he was saying exactly
what we wanted to do, because we, as a traditional smart machine company, we have a lot of application
scenarios, and if we can work with the blockchain companies, the Web3 companies, we can transform
the traditional application scenarios into open, autonomous, and verifiable, and foundation
for the machine economy.
So for me, that's why we decided, after a week, we decided to invest in Akron.
When I was interviewed by one of his co-founders, he said, as a NASDAQ company, why are you
invested in this blockchain company?
I said, look, we believe this is the future, because we treat this investment not only
as an investment, but like a token for the future, and almost for me, it's like a tuition
fee to learn from you guys.
So that's how we see this.
Thanks, Ben.
So what's your opinion?
Sure.
In terms of the challenges, I guess this is what I see is, basically, if you really want
to enable edge devices to be able to have sufficient compute power, also not too much
of latency, to be able to do a lot of the cryptographic operations, I think there's
we're still getting there, and I think we need to continue to invest in this open source
space to help invent and improve technology that can actually does that.
I think that's one of the challenges I still see, but I think once we get over that with
the improvements in technology, I think the opportunities is huge.
With respect to being able to tie a lot of the assets, off-chain assets, to be able to
execute offline and then tie it back on-chain in terms of the settlement, et cetera, I think
that's very exciting.
Imagine a world where we have the assets be able to self-monetize some of their idle resource
and also compute storage, et cetera, to be able to really utilize that, and at the end
of the day, if they're able to do that, they can actually self-pay the hardware and get
over that initial hurdle, and then you'd be able to go into a very good positive loop
in that.
I do think it's a great opportunity ahead while we are trying to figure out some of
the initial challenges.
Thank you.
I think they really need this kind of infrastructure from the vendor to create the chip-cell layer
for the whole crypto, the web-street, the industry.
So how about Dijika?
I think the biggest opportunity is that blockchain can isolate devices into networks that can
share rules, identities, and such like we have lots of rings.
We have an iWatch.
We have iPhones.
They are very smart, but it's a standstill intelligence.
In the future, when we build a smart device, we not build a single device smarter.
It's helping the whole network work better around identity, trust records, permission,
and insafes.
But the biggest challenge is also clear.
The physical world is a real-time where blockchains have latency and costs.
Many decisions must happen locally, especially in robots, cars, and wearables.
So I do not think that every action will go on-chain, but a better model is that the devices
handle real-time sensing and collect data and do the cost.
With user permission, they also contribute to sensing, memory, or compute, and receive
transparent record.
Because I work on the intelligence imaging and AI devices, I believe that the next generation
of the hardware will not be defined only the better spats or bigger models.
It will define who can truly connect to the hardware.
AI and services that run over time.
And when the Ethereum and Wear 3 can help make this happen, I want the most of the concept
but a practical system that the device should not only sense and act, but each device, just
like the host, it owns the Wear 3 ID and the wallet.
To exchange the data, also collaborate and share value in the open network.
Great.
Great.
You mentioned the very key part, the coordination, by the blockchain, by Wear 3.
So how about Kelly?
We have limited time, so yeah, please, I'll start with you.
In our energy industry, we can buy so many things like PV, intelligent controllers, and
energy storage, put our stations together.
Of course, in this kind of interrogation, we will meet huge challenges and opportunities.
About challenges, most IoT and hardware has low power and limited computing, which causing
latency and high fees.
And second is hardware security and on-chain data privacy and decentralization brings
data risks.
And the last one is unclear regulations and grid barrier and on-chain cooperation models
will block commercial closed loop.
And about opportunities, data ascentization connects energy, carbon assets, and finance
together with carbon revenue and inclusive finance.
We will balance the affordability and the long-term instantiability.
That's all.
Thanks, Kelly.
So since we are almost out of time, so let's ramp up with some takeaway.
So yeah, I think the first takeaway is converging the hardware and the blockchain is not just
the idea or the concept.
Yeah, we already see so many cool use cases.
And yeah, it's becoming the real design space.
From the robot car, the AI robotics, the open source chipset, camera, the energy devices
to serve the real community.
And the second takeaway is moving from the device to the autonomous system.
It's not the software or the hardware challenge, it's the coordination challenge.
So that is the way the Ethereum or the Web3 blockchain can play a very meaningful role.
It's not to put everything on-chain, but you need to by enabling the device with the identity,
the trust, the verification, coordination, and also the interoperability.
And the last takeaway, I think maybe a deep message from today's panel is if we see the
Ethereum was the first about the coordination, the asset, the finance, the capital, and the
smart contract.
And next, the chapter may come to coordinate the machine, the device, the aging, the real-world
infrastructure in the coming machine economy.
So thanks to all the panelists for giving us those very valuable insights and sharing.
And thanks to all to join this panel.
Thank you.
Please take a photo before you leave the stage.
Thank you everyone for sharing.
While we get the stage set up for our last session, a quick note for those who may just
have joined us.
This gathering is hosted by Ethereum Application Guild, or EAG, a global non-profit collaborative
organization dedicated to advancing the innovation, adoption, and real-world impact of Ethereum
native applications.
We have now reached our final chapter.
What's next?
The future of Ethereum applications.
Please welcome Dr. Xiaofeng and Vitalik Buterin to the stage as they look ahead to the next
stage of Ethereum, moving towards real-world deployment and adaptation.
Now we have reached the final chapter of today's conference.
Please welcome Dr. Xiaofeng and Vitalik Buterin to the stage as they look ahead to the next
stage of Ethereum, moving towards real-world deployment and adaptation.
Please welcome.
Let's give them a round of applause.
Dear friends, welcome to the second session of Vitalik Buterin's talk show.
Last year, we also held a talk show.
So, Vitalik, would you like to say hello to everyone?
What should I say?
Hello everyone.
Hello.
Everyone is very good.
Everyone is always good.
Actually, before this, before we came on stage, there was a discussion about a combination
of intelligent hardware and blockchain.
I also know that in recent weeks, Vitalik has seen a lot of companies and chips.
Some companies and entrepreneurs related to chip and intelligent hardware manufacturing.
I am also very curious.
I heard this news.
I am also very curious.
Why are you suddenly interested in these intelligent hardware and chips at this moment?
Why are you interested in these things?
What kind of interactions do you think there will be with Ethereum?
I would like to invite you to talk about this topic first.
Okay.
We have recently started to discuss a lot of topics.
We say that it is a full stack open source security.
Full stack is an application of every layer, including the application layer.
If it is a website, then the blockchain is also a layer.
The operating system is also a layer.
The hardware is also a layer.
There are many different layers.
If any layer is not safe, then the whole system is not safe.
We have been saying that we should do something safe.
We don't need to be centralized.
But if we really want to do this, then we need to care about each layer.
You can think about it.
I saw a lot of people saying that they are the owners of Ethereum.
If you have Ethereum, then how do you ensure the security of Ethereum?
First, you have your wallet.
Second, you have your computer's operating system.
Third, if you use hardware, then how can you be sure that your hardware is safe?
There are many applications that have been discussing this topic for the past two years.
Everyone wants to use blockchain platforms to do more things in the real world.
This also depends on hardware.
The hardware layer is important no matter what we do.
It is not only about the security of Ethereum L1.
In the second layer of Ethereum, some hardware needs to be accelerated for some calculations.
After all, the acceleration of hardware is one of the methods to solve the performance problem.
Maybe today, when blockchain Ethereum is a infrastructure,
it needs to support more applications.
It may also need to use some hardware to keep it safe or provide better efficiency and performance.
This is the topic we want to talk about.
Next, I noticed that you have been discussing this topic for a long time,
but I think it is a very important topic.
We know that blockchain Ethereum has a very high threshold for ordinary users.
Not only the wallet, but also the smart contract.
Not everyone has the ability to write a perfect smart contract.
You have also mentioned the simplification of Ethereum.
Simplification is a fact.
My understanding is to reduce the threshold of Ethereum application
so that more people can use Ethereum conveniently.
This reminds me that we started from the computer.
The original operating system of the computer is the command line.
Before Bill Gates, Bill Gates used the DAO operating system.
The DAO operating system is a command line.
If the operating system is still the command line,
I believe that 90% of the current computer users cannot use the computer.
It is extremely difficult to learn.
Later, the browser appeared.
After the browser, there was the Windows graphics operating system.
As the threshold of the computer became lower and simpler,
the operating process of the computer became simpler,
more and more people could use the computer.
The biggest simplification came from the mobile Internet.
Then the App appeared.
We know that WeChat is a very complex system,
but it is sealed into an App.
You only need to use one finger to operate WeChat.
That is to say, you can operate a certain function or program of the computer.
Therefore, from this perspective,
we are very much looking forward to Ethereum being simplified more and more.
Simplification, automation, or intelligentization.
We want to make it easier for more people to use Ethereum with just one finger.
Of course, we are very much looking forward to this.
I would also like to hear from you.
Can you tell us about what you have mentioned
or what you are thinking of simplifying Ethereum?
What is its journey and final goal?
I think the word simplification has two meanings.
The first meaning is the iPhone simplification.
You can see that you have a mobile phone.
It looks very simple to the user.
You can press a button and know what it will do.
But behind the screen, there is a very complicated system.
This is the first meaning.
The second meaning is to simplify the very complicated system.
Both are important.
Why is the second meaning important?
The second meaning is important
because if a system is too complicated,
it means that there are very few people who can participate.
There are very few people who can participate.
For example, the process of core development.
You can say that a system is theoretically a trustluster.
It doesn't need to trust people.
But if there is a very, very complicated system in the core of this system,
there are only 200 or 50 people who know how to do it.
All people in the world still need to believe in those 50 people.
So a system that is too complicated cannot be a trustluster.
So this is one thing.
Another thing is the future of user experience.
I think the Minglin Bank and the current GUI have a lot of differences.
One difference is that the different users of the GUI are more useful.
But the Minglin Bank also has its own advantages.
For example, a very important advantage is
that 50 years ago, at the beginning of the Minglin Bank,
there was a philosophy called Unix philosophy.
Unix philosophy has a lot of parts.
But one of its parts is that
we should do a lot of simple things.
One operation of a user may use a lot of different systems at the same time.
It is possible that the input of a user will be input to the first system.
The output of the first system will become the input of the second system.
The output of the second system will become the input of the third system.
That is the concept of the pipe.
This concept has an advantage.
In the era of GUI,
there are a lot of people who criticize or are not satisfied.
Some people will say that a number is a nonsense or a feudalism.
The natural result of a GUI is that
you have a UI that is controlled by a company.
You live in a small universe of a company.
Your digital life is controlled by a company.
Unix philosophy is completely opposite.
There are many different cities.
Each city is made by a different company.
They can operate each other through the Minglin Bank.
This is the third step.
This is AI.
Actually, we have started to pay more attention to AI in the Taiwan summit.
Last year, we opened the Kohaku team.
They are a team that makes money.
Last month, the first version of the Kohaku came out at the FCC.
They have said that
they are going to release a version of Zhu Wang.
But after the Zhu Wang version,
we all think that the concept of the current wallet
may disappear in two years.
The future is AI.
So we need to start thinking about AI wallet.
We need to start thinking about how to make AI wallet safe.
So we are thinking about the AI user interface more.
We found that AI is actually a Minglin Bank.
AI is you talking to a computer.
Using natural language.
Yes.
It is a Minglin Bank that uses natural language.
So in fact, the third generation can say that
it also has the advantages of the second generation.
It has the advantages of the Minglin Bank.
We can have a lot of different people,
different companies, small cities.
They can operate each other through the Minglin Bank.
But the user experience of this system will also be very good.
So in fact, if we do it well,
we can combine the advantages of the Minglin Bank
and the advantages of the GUI.
So if we do it well,
the results may be particularly good.
But we need to do it well.
Yes.
The operation of the Minglin Bank
can face a lot of developers,
a lot of computer programs.
But the APP is integrated into this APP by one company.
So from a consumer benefit perspective,
of course,
a lot of developers and a lot of programs
can be easily used by a consumer.
This is the biggest benefit of a consumer.
If you can't do this,
you have to simplify it and let everyone use it.
Then it becomes an APP.
There are actually a lot of other developers behind this APP.
But it is integrated into a platform.
So now,
AI is coming.
When AI comes,
there may be a reverse phenomenon
that goes back to the Minglin Bank
to operate a computer.
Of course, the Minglin Bank at that time
was not the Minglin Bank we used to learn.
Instead, it uses natural language.
When you say it,
the computer will move the data behind it.
This is the biggest benefit of the Minglin Bank.
It can be said that
when you say it,
the computer will move the data behind it
to help you accomplish your goal,
to achieve your goal.
Obviously, I am looking forward to
to doing something like this
with the help of AI.
I would also like to say.
When we spoke about lapping at antioxidants,
Actually, I remember that in 2016,
when DevCon was held in Shanghai at the World Development Conference in Itaewon,
we had already started to discuss tools and technical means
such as simplification, such as the writing of smart contracts.
I remember that two different technical development teams
discussed formal verification in 2016.
Formal verification means using formal verification
to verify all the applications on Itaewon,
including various smart contracts,
to find its bugs,
to make it a very perfect smart contract.
Now AI is coming again.
With AI and formal verification,
is it possible for any individual,
even if he has no programming ability,
he is not a computer engineer,
he can also build his own smart contract
for his own purpose, for his own needs.
This smart contract will indeed not have any bugs,
it will not be found by hackers,
and it can run very well.
This is the premise.
Or, from another angle,
formal verification.
We started to discuss formal verification 10 years ago.
To date, if we add AI,
is it possible for those who have computer programming abilities
or those who do not have computer programming abilities
to write their own smart contracts
and run them on Itaewon?
Yes.
Formal verification is very important now.
In fact, writing this smart contract
is a very important part.
We may have talked a lot about it in 2016,
because the attack on Dao took place in 2016,
so everyone has just realized
the importance of the smart contract security issue.
But this year, the quad mythos came out.
Many people were very surprised by this,
and even very afraid.
According to my current understanding,
the quad mythos is indeed stronger than the previous AI,
but as everyone said, it also has some flaws.
But we can't just look at the current quad mythos.
We need to look at the trend.
The trend is that the quad mythos is much better than the AI of a year ago.
The AI of next year will be much better than the quad mythos.
The AI of 2029,
which is looking for various activities,
may be very scary.
So now I think the only way is
that we need to use AI plus formal verification
plus more methods.
There are some really safe codes.
There are no very serious codes of activity.
Now, because of the AI,
it is almost possible now.
Then, because of the AI's ability to look for various activities,
it is necessary to do this.
So now we are at Lean Ethereum,
which is a team in the next version of Ethereum.
They are now working on the next version of Ethereum's POS.
They have many goals,
The first goal is faster.
The final time is 16 minutes.
Maybe 16 seconds, maybe 8 seconds, maybe less.
The second goal is faster.
Since last year,
all the things we are thinking about and developing now,
we all say that it is necessary to measure.
The third goal is more centralized and safer.
So they have many needs.
One of the things they are doing now
is that they are using the Lean Consensus,
which is the next version of the POS,
to prove that they are safe.
This includes the signature of the two sides,
including the signature of the two sides,
including the recursive stark.
So this includes a lot of complicated things.
Maybe two years ago,
everyone thought that it would be impossible
to prove such a complicated thing in a computerized way.
It may never be possible.
But now, because of the rapid development of AI,
these things are more likely.
So AI is now an important part of our L1 core development.
It is also very important to write the L1 core.
Recently, the time for recursive stark is getting more and more serious.
In fact, in the last two years,
the L1 core on the face is still good.
Recently, more problems are in the UI core.
Yes, it is on the bottom of the chain.
AI can also help.
If we have AI,
you can search for the last year's safe tool.
The safe tool is an unexpected tool.
If you use safe through local AI,
it will never happen.
So if you do it right,
AI can also help.
Because it can replace the third-party UI,
it can also help with security.
But AI also has its own security issues.
So this is also what we are thinking about.
In the last year,
Viper is the second language that can only be created.
Solidity is the first, Viper is the second.
They have announced that they are now supporting the implementation.
It is possible that their capabilities will become better and better.
Solidity will also become better.
So, yes, it will become more serious.
This tool is not perfect.
It cannot solve all the problems immediately.
But its capabilities and its ability to add AI are indeed very powerful.
We were talking about formal verification.
How to make it possible for everyone to write their own reliable smart contracts.
You mentioned two topics that I want to discuss with you.
One is quantum computing and anti-quantum computing.
Of course, this is a paper published by Google.
Some people comment that Google's paper
has more risks than Bitcoin.
Instead, it is the signature algorithm of Ethereum.
How do you look at this?
I have also asked some cryptologists.
Of course, the cryptologists gave me the opinion that
it is very difficult to solve quantum computing,
especially with Bitcoin.
Quantum computing itself is a very difficult thing.
It is also very difficult to solve this kind of algorithm.
At the same time, it is very difficult to solve quantum computing.
The algorithm for anti-quantum computing is also developing very fast.
In fact, seven or eight years ago,
I visited some very famous cryptologists in China.
They have a lot of money to study the encryption algorithm for anti-quantum computing.
Quantum computing is not only decrypted for crypto or blockchain.
The global encryption algorithm is facing such a threat.
Therefore, many countries have invested a lot of money
to develop the encryption algorithm for anti-quantum computing.
For example, eight years ago, I received a concept called revolution code.
At that time, I had the impression that
the model is high, the value is high, and the model is high, and the value is high.
This is a process of balance between each other.
It is not a phenomenon that occurs while falling.
How do you understand the encryption algorithm for anti-quantum computing?
Because we have already discussed a lot about quantum computing.
There may be a threat to Ethereum, to Bitcoin, and other different algorithms.
But I think we have discussed less about the encryption algorithm for anti-quantum computing.
How far has the development of this side gone?
Of course, let me add something.
I have asked a cryptologist who is very creative so far.
What if there is a situation like this?
For example, there are many accounts on Bitcoin that may not be able to sign up.
First of all, it is difficult to change the encryption algorithm.
In the process of changing the encryption algorithm,
some people do not respond in time,
do not update their wallet.
What should we do?
It will also cause a huge loss and impact to the system,
and even make the whole system unbelievable.
What if this happens?
In fact, it is easy to do.
You can add another layer of encryption on the existing encryption algorithm.
Add another layer of anti-quantum encryption algorithm.
Of course, this will affect the performance and a lot of experience.
But then it will take time.
Even if it takes three years, it can be done again.
Of course, this is the most difficult solution.
I would like to ask you to discuss the issue of anti-quantum encryption algorithm again.
In fact, anti-quantum encryption algorithm is a more mature topic.
We have known for more than 20 years that there are two types of anti-quantum encryption algorithms.
The first is Jiu-Haxi.
Jiu-Haxi includes a lot of Jiu-Haxi signature algorithms.
The second type is Stark.
The anti-quantum encryption algorithm is also Jiu-Haxi.
The second type is Jiu-Haxi.
Jiu-Haxi is a type of algorithm that can not be solved by quantum computing.
Nowadays, a lot of people will use lattice-based cryptography.
Lattice-based cryptography, all FHEs are also Jiu-Lattice.
So there are probably two types.
Jiu-Haxi's signature is okay.
Jiu-Lattice's signature is okay.
But the public key, Jiu-Lattice's signature is not okay.
Maybe 40 years ago, some scientists proved that Jiu-Haxi is not okay.
So any Jiu-Lattice's signature, including FHE,
needs some other technologies.
Lattice-based.
In L1, our current idea is that we want to push Jiu-Haxi more purely.
Why?
Because we don't just want to create a two-sided chain.
We also want to create a chain against AI.
If we have this possibility,
AI will make all those GME algorithms better.
Including RSAs and lattice-based algorithms.
If there is only one cryptography that can face AI,
it must be Jiu-Haxi.
Why?
Because Jiu-Haxi is something that has absolutely no mathematical structure.
Jiu-Haxi's solution can be said to be a random tree.
The cryptography scientists will say that Jiu-Haxi is a random oracle.
It cannot distinguish between a Jiu-Haxi tree.
Is it Jiu-Haxi or a computer tree?
If there is only one safe thing, it is Jiu-Haxi.
So we hope that in L1, if we can do everything Jiu-Haxi,
we can do everything Jiu-Haxi.
Jiu-Haxi includes Jiu-Haxi.
But there is a drawback in those algorithms.
The drawback of Jiu-Haxi is that
the signatures of the current Ethereum are all based on the elliptic curve.
A signature based on the elliptic curve is 65 bytes.
A Jiu-Haxi is more than 2,000 bytes.
2 KB.
In fact, the lattice-based ones are about 0.6 or 3 kilobytes each.
So they are also bigger.
Then there is a ZK-Synarch.
Now it may be 500 megabytes.
But a Stark is at least 300 KB more.
So we have to face some flow issues.
We know how to face these flow issues.
We have a way called aggregation.
Aggregation means that if there is a block
that needs to include a lot of signatures,
that needs to include a lot of signatures,
then a Jiu-Haxi node can make its own signature,
a 300 KB signature.
This signature is a Stark.
It can prove all the other signatures and signatures.
So no matter how many transactions,
no matter how complicated the transactions are,
it doesn't need to include all the signatures in the block.
It only needs to include a 300 KB Stark.