The question of whether it has come or not has already come and is accelerating.
This is my opening speech today at EAG.
Thank you, everyone.
I'm curious about how many of you are builders on Ethereum right now.
You can raise your hand.
And how many of you are holders of Ethereum right now?
You can raise your hand.
Okay.
Thank you for coming.
Please welcome Ayat and Audrey.
Hello.
I think it's the third day of the Webster Festival.
So today we have the, you know, every year the Webster Festival is going to have the
East Day each year.
So today is the third day, and we will the whole day discussing about the Ethereum, which
is the truly innovation came from.
And I think Aya, it's your first time to be in Hong Kong, we are really happy to, really
glad to have you here.
Because I think for this year, there are lots of the audience from the broader ecosystem.
And maybe some of them may be familiar with Ethereum, but some of them may not.
And maybe you could introduce more about yourself and how is the Ethereum foundation's role
in the ecosystem.
Do my own introduction?
Okay.
Hi.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Aya Miyaguchi.
I am from the Ethereum Foundation.
I've been with the Ethereum Foundation since, officially since 2018, but before that, maybe
I can just share a little bit of myself, is that I joined the industry 2013.
I was like, early founding members of the Kraken Exchange, if you have heard of it.
But anyway, the reason why I joined the industry, that was a very early time still.
And I thought this technology, blockchain technology can, back then, this was before
Ethereum time.
So the Bitcoin, I thought it would be revolutionary for improving financial inclusion in the industry.
So that was my original interest.
And then I ended up joining Ethereum, the world of Ethereum.
I did meet Vitalik and the team when Ethereum was about to start.
My motivation to join the EF is this group of Ethereum is trying to maintain the properties
of blockchain, that blockchain promise to do purely, but also in a more broader way
than what Bitcoin was able to do.
So that mission itself was something that motivated me to participate and help.
And the Ethereum Foundation, what we do is actually support a lot of different activities
in the ecosystem, including protocols, development and research.
But Ethereum is a decentralized system that we do not own.
That's a very important statement, and everyone should know.
So at this point, you don't need to trust EF for Ethereum to be...
It's been up and running for a decade with no downtime.
So we call ourselves one gardener of this big garden.
So we try to support the ecosystem wherever the support is still needed.
If it doesn't need our help, that's great.
So that's...
Sorry, I don't know.
It's a very high level.
Yeah, because I think a lot of people, because the traditional way is that the foundation
or the organization to support everything or to control everything.
But I think it's totally different in the blockchain ecosystem, which especially in
the Ethereum ecosystem.
So what do you think of the positioning that maybe EF and the broader ecosystem could have?
So recently, we actually published this EF mandate.
It's a long 38 pages, so I don't know if anyone has actually was able to read it.
But the motivation is that, like I said, the Ethereum's original promise comes with properties
such as, like we call it clubs, like censorship, resistance, open source, security and privacy.
And those are the properties that actually can achieve that original promise.
And EF needs to be opinionated to protect those properties.
That's like a base layer, foundations of the platform, right?
And then only on this platform, only when the platform is preserved those properties,
and that's when real adoption can happen.
So there's a little bit of misunderstanding that after we published that, like people
thought, okay, EF is going to only focus on that protocol layer, and then we don't really
care about that option.
That's actually the opposite, is because we care about the real adoption.
The real adoption only happens when businesses are able to trust the foundational layer to
be able to handle like a billion dollar and also decade long operations.
So you don't want to build business on something that can actually stop working in five years,
or like we have to protect that layer first.
And then the real adoption can actually solution can be built, like Dr. Shaw was providing
some examples.
And so the way we see it is first that is for most important for any businesses, any
builders to be able to build real application, real solutions.
And then the rest is where is the gap, right?
And then this event and today's, your activity is the, congratulations, EAG to launch, is
that when we want to help, sometimes you don't even need us, but we want to help support
or at least encourage people to participate in the type of activities that can actually
multiply the benefits of the work everyone is doing.
So everyone has different expertise, some people have more expertise in security, and
then you can use that as a strength for your own project.
But then those security, privacy, those properties still needed in the applications there, because
we see every day in the ecosystem or globally, even outside of crypto, lack of those properties
are causing a lot of problems to the end users.
When end users are affected, that's when the business also get affected, right?
So you do have to care about the end users and then protect their own asset, their own
information.
So we don't really see the separation between, okay, we protect this on the protocol layer,
but also as a whole, as an ecosystem, everyone needs to care about those properties.
And then the application would be actually useful to help solve problems.
And those are the applications that can actually succeed and last long.
Everything needs to stick in your business idea, or whether it's a business or whether
it's a public system.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I still remember that during about 2018, i.com, you mentioned about the Infinity Garden, which
is really inspired at that time, because I seen lots of the foundations just to move
forward and to be very aggressive, but the Infinity Garden, it's more like the way establish
the fundamental things for the ecosystem, for the builders, and give the space for them.
And for the mandate, which is released for the last month, is I think just like the restatement
of the Infinity Garden.
What do you think?
Why this is the time again that we release that kind of the mandate?
And what do you see if the ecosystem, that EF doesn't play a central position, a central
role, that how could we still support the whole ecosystem and the builders?
Yeah.
So maybe I can give for some people who don't really know, Infinite Garden is the reframing
that I've been using to reflect and also describe the Ethereum ecosystem actually beyond.
We said that in the mandate, the Infinite Garden is actually bigger than Ethereum, is
the reason why is that is.
So there is a word we want to see, and that's the word, like people have freedom, like people
have control over their own asset and then on their own information, and then all the
businesses are running, preserving that, everyone's freedom.
And then for that to happen, if there's like a one organization, if EF says Ethereum is
ours and we control everything, and even if we hire the best developers, best researchers
inside EF, which was actually suggested when I joined EF as an ED, there was pressure or
advice that I received that, oh, you should hire the best developer, best researchers
internally and then build everything on our own.
That sounds short-term, a lot easier to manage or easier to coordinate, and then Ethereum
may be able to move quicker to make progress, but at the same time, the progress and the
level of innovation is very limited, because even if we are pretty small, but even if you're
a big corporation side, it's still limited, because the more we try to hold inside that
true innovation doesn't happen.
So the idea is to, how do we invite everyone to participate?
And that's how, it's open source, anyone can participate, open source and permissionless,
anyone can participate at the platform layer, but also anyone can participate in the middle
layer or business layer, and then that way, we're, as a whole, this is the only way for
us as a human to win this game, so that's the image of infinite game, but it's a garden
because there's a natural organic growth, like for example, we don't really control,
we didn't really know, like when you started Shanghai Wu, like we didn't really tell you
what to do, you came up, and that's where the strength is, and the beauty is that by
us letting the control, the size and the growth, it's way bigger and it can multiply, and so
this is not really us trying to do a nice thing, it is a strategy to, for as a whole,
it can become a lot bigger than what one organisation can own.
Yeah, and also, I think nowadays is a time from the infrastructure for move forward to
the application side, do you think why it's also the time that release the mandate at
this particular time?
Yes, so you know, like when people who've been in the industry for a while, at the earlier
time, when the ecosystem is smaller, it was easy for us to be all on the same page, right?
So we run DevCon every year, that's the only big event that Ethereum Foundation runs, and
then the first DevCon, DevCon 0, they call it DevCon 0, it was very small, like a fit
in this size in the Berlin office, and it was easy for everyone to agree on, yes, this
is the property, this is the values that we want to preserve, but once this is becoming
bigger, it is, it's becoming bigger than one room, and now it's global, we have people
in all different time zones, speak all different languages, and so there are principles we
have learned on the way, actually Ethereum has learned, also EF has learned on the way,
that how do we, first of all, when I came up with this flaming of Infinite Garden, the
reason why I thought that was needed, originally, to the people in the Ethereum Foundation was
that I want Ethereum not to lose the best part of Ethereum, which was how this global
communities collaborate, and then on all different layers, everyone can participate, you go to
hackathon, you learn, you teach each other, and then how do we preserve that, so that
was my motivation, so in the same way, at the protocol layer, the trade-offs are becoming
harder, because there is always motivation, how do we make the transaction quicker and
cheaper, and then that motivation is not crazy idea, that sounds very reasonable, then the
question is, do we achieve that by compromising security or compromising decentralisation,
and you need to make hard decisions, and then at this point, we recognise that it's actually
important for us to state that very clearly, what comes first, right, these properties
and then we think about usability and all this, because if we forget this, at the end
of the day, user won't get benefit, that means the business won't succeed, and the ecosystem
won't grow, so we just decided to be clear on the order of importance, and at least EF
is going to be very opinionated to preserve that, that's what Vitalik, myself, discussed
at the end of last year, now is the time for us to make it more explicit, like let's describe
how we are thinking and how we are going to do this, this is still 38 pages paper, it's
long but it still doesn't really explain everything, but at least the fundamental principles
are there, and that includes what you mentioned about how EF operates, we have this principle
of subtraction, EF only rules, we come in only when EF is needed, right, we don't need
to be there if we are not needed, so one example is what you're doing, is if Hong Kong communities
or Shanghai community or like other, work with other global communities and then start
supporting builders, you are connecting with investors and builders and businesses and
institutions, and we've been supporting part of that, but also it would be great if others
can join the support together, so that's where we see things and that's where we decided
to explain, make it clear on the mandate.
Yeah, I think since the industry grows a lot to the mainstream and a lot of the newcomers
join the industry, but there is still some key principles that we need to keep on, yeah,
and this is how our industry, we use blockchain, we use user to achieve that, not just to go
back to the web to have the centralized dive, something like that, yeah, but there is also
question about the builders, you can see that some people may think that, okay, EF will
not do everything and how could you achieve not be at the central party or at the center
of the stage, but still could support the builders, because some maybe think of EF is
so far away, yeah.
So one thing I didn't, sorry, explain with your previous question was that I can give
you more concrete example, Ethereum Foundation used to build a wallet, and Ethereum Foundation
used to provide only client geth, and that's how Ethereum started, right, if you remember
that time, and then people's expectation naturally was like, oh, EF is building a wallet, right,
and then no one was motivated to even think about, should I build a wallet, and then,
and back then, that wallet actually was not great, I mean, okay, like I can't really,
I respect the team, they tried, there was very new building Ethereum wallet was the
first thing and the new thing, but still, because EF doesn't have all the expertise
of everything, like security, you have to care about security, you have to care about
usability, and then it wouldn't be great if there's a wallet market, like natural competitions
out there, and so that's the challenge of one company, one organization try to own everything,
it sounds very effective in a way, but it's not, it's not as a whole, so that's, that's,
and then, so when we think about our position in supporting the ecosystem is how do we not
become a bottleneck for the ecosystem true growth, so it could be like this building
wallet, now actually our team, privacy team built Kohaku SDK, and that's like a tool for
wallets to be able to build privacy in a privacy system, and that kind of work is still there's
a gap, so our team worked on it, if anyone knows, actually our team worked together with other
community members too, that's always, we try to work together with other teams outside, because
then there is not too much reliance on the Ethereum foundation, we call it walk away test,
walk away test for Ethereum, like if all core devs walk away tomorrow, if can system survive,
and then stay up and running, right, that's the walk away, all walk away tests we want to do,
but also it's the same as ecosystem, if Ethereum foundation walks away tomorrow, can ecosystem
still be thriving and surviving, and I'm not saying that the answer is yes today yet, but
that's where we want, we need to be thinking about this, and whether thinking or not that's
important difference. Yeah, I still remember that there is a very sentence in the mandate that
inspired me a lot, is that EF were the first Ethereum steroids, but today we are one of
many, yeah, I think EAG is inspired by it a lot, because EAG doesn't ask for approval from EF,
but we are still standing out to, okay, we could do a lot of things together to bring the
ecosystem, stakeholders together to support more towards for the applications, yeah, so from your
perspective, what do you see that this kind of the organization, just like no matter EAG or used
to be EA or some other organizations, all the builders stand out, and what do we see them,
and what is the relation between them? So, yes, like you said, it's great that something like
EAG is happening without us much involved, we can probably support communicating about EAG,
but the rest is you can take care of it, seems like that's great, and like you said,
yes, we see ourselves as one of many now, excuse me, so that's why subtraction at EF is actually
addition to Ethereum as a whole, and then, so your work and activities is one great example,
and when we see what kind of activities, even if you don't need our own support, like we want to
spread the word and then help promote, is that what type of projects and organizations like EAG
are doing the work that actually impact can multiply, so like I said, do you also hold the
same principles like we do, like okay, you want to invite everyone, it's not about you, I'm in the
center, I have to control everything, I have to be the one to make all the decisions, and then the
gloss is not really, we don't really expect the gloss to be great for that, from that type of
activities, so when we see teams, it can be grantees, or like other events, or these community
organizers, what we try to see is that similar principles we have, are you willing to let go
of the control and then actually help the gloss to be, yeah, multiply from there, so when we give
support financially or just communication support, I always want to support things that the impact
doesn't stop there, there will be second order impact and third order impact, that's, you've been
seeing this already probably, that's why you believe in doing this way, I hope, yeah, because,
but also another thing I care about this local first approach, you said I came to Hong Kong for
first time today, and then I cannot really even pretend that I know a lot about Hong Kong, so if
someone asks, how do you run business in Hong Kong, what's the best way, my best answer should be,
I don't know, but I know people who know, right, and then I connect, so that's why I believe in
local first approach, because locals, there is like a local thing that only locals know, and then,
so how do we have global activities such as EAG, but still actually leverage locals' knowledge,
and then leverage locals' talents, and so who are thinking hard about that, we do pay attention to
this, I do pay attention to this, yes, yeah, and because I think for towards the future of the
applications, and there are lots of the application builders here, and I think for no matter the
Infinity Garden or the mandate, it's such a deep philosophy design to give more space for the
builders, for everyone, and they could stand out to, okay, I can do this kind of thing in the
ecosystem to support each other, and also to do my own business, something like that, yeah, so what
do you want to see to them, that if everyone wants to stand out, okay, I could do this kind of thing
to support the whole ecosystem, what is your, could you give some words for them? What is my
advice to them, or anything you want to encourage everyone, yeah, okay, yes, so I think this
Thermal Foundation doesn't often, or maybe, I don't have a lot of opportunity to talk to like
all the startups out there, or businesses, or funders, but I do think, like I said in the
beginning, what we are seeing in the ecosystem, or global tensions with all these geopolitics
situations, solution has to be real, right, and then, and then, so what is, so often there have
been attempts and then experiments in the industry that can be like a very short-term, quick, making
money type of businesses, and it might be tempting to go toward that, it was probably tempting to go
toward that way, but now we are seeing that is, you really need to think seriously about security,
for example, right, and it's not just your business, it's actually what is being built.