model company. So basically you just set up, okay I need a robotic campaign and I
need a maybe person from the Philippines to annotate this side of the data and
the task will render automatically. You can see the revenue stream all the way.
That's our takeaway. So we just leverage the blockchain to track our
DID or 402 protocol to track our revenue and also data lineage.
Thanks. Thank you Kevin for the inspiring speech. And next we will welcome Primus.
Hello everyone. I'm Xavier from Primus. I'm the developer and the co-founder of the
team. So today I would like to show you something that solves a fundamental
blockchain problem. So that is how can we keep the financial transaction private
while still making it auditable. Primus is building a verification and the
privacy layer with two core technologies. One is CKTS, the Zero Knowledge Transport
Layer Security. It's a very cool technology that lets you to prove any off-chain
data. Something like your account ownership, your API execution, your
bank balance. And the power is it allows you to prove the data is correct without
even revealing the underlying content. And the second technology, FHE,
fully homomorphic encryption, which is the star of the demo. It allows you to
perform arbitrary computation on the encrypted data. So basically the data
doesn't need to be decrypted and to be processed. And the Primus is even
building a new protocol called ZKFHE or Verifiable FHE. It provides the
further computation integrity to the homomorphic encryption. So which means
the data is during the data processing you not only get the result from the
encrypted computation process, you also get a proof which states the data is
correctly computed. So Primus is offering this kind of cryptographic
native verifiability and the privacy for multiple blockchains and for different
applications including AI agents. On the technical side, the FHE
computing infrastructure we built here. We just built some system contract
on the host blockchain and the core component we call the alpha chain is a
real FHE engine doing the FHE operations of chain. And also we use the TE
technologies to handle the key measurement to further secure the whole
system. So here's a demo we built called Auditable Private Transfer. It's very
simple. It allows you to transfer any plan money into the encrypted money we
call the encrypted USDC here. And you can just transfer this encrypted money
between different wallet adjusts which means no one can see the details of the
transfer transaction. And you can further withdraw this money back, convert the
money from the encrypted version to the plain version. And also we support
audit which means the audit is able to review and to see the details of
the transaction and of the account details. And we just use a very
lightweight architecture here. We build it on the EVM chain. Here we use the
Firest testnet and then we use just a full core cloud instance to
do such a demo. So here is the demo. So basically you just connect your wallet.
Your first login with user we call Alice and you can decrypt to view how
much money Alice already has here. So he has some EUSDC which is the
encrypted money and some USDC here. So first let's make Alice deposit
some USDC into her own account. So you just confirm the
transaction and wait a few seconds here after the transaction has been
broadcasted and confirmed on the blockchain. So you just review and
decrypt your balance. Wait a few seconds. So here is the FHC result. You got
your balance here and you can further transfer your encrypted money which
means you can transfer your EUSDC to another account or to your
friends. So let's copy the address from Bob and you'll copy the address here and
you specify how much money you want to transfer and they'll confirm the
transaction. So again the transaction is being broadcasted and being confirmed
and they'll just further wait for a few seconds to make sure the transaction is
finalized. Okay you have the new money here and Alice is not able to be the
auditor. He cannot see anyone else's balance or account details. So let's
switch to another account. Let's use Bob's account here. So since Bob is
auditor already so he is able to access the audit portal and he is able to first
can add other auditor to this portal which makes them be able to access the
details of the system and also he can first synchronize all the
system users in this panel and he can further decrypt the balance of the
other users here like this. So here's a demo and this is a very simple app we
build with FHE and we think this is not just a starting point of the
technology but also it's very useful for the like institutions and the
compliant crypto financial here. So yeah thanks for watching. Thank you Primus
for the live demo and next up please welcome Ninja. Hello so let's start. Okay
four years ago most of the on-chain theft was called hack but two years later
much of it has shifted to interface fraud. Attacast moved but defenders
didn't. So what you see is what you sign is an essential idea to protect your
assets but it is not enough. See and understand. You need to understand with
complex transactions. So what you read is what you sign. It's a new idea simple
idea. Why is it read? This is a real attack contract you may remember it. There are a
lot of hex characters. Can you read it? But we can do that. Let me ask Ninja.
Let's start. So it is a ninja scan demo screen so on Trillium bot. So initialize
the ninja scan and paste the suspicious contract code and then ninja scan
analyze and oh it's danger malicious proxy and war trainers and if you want
to see the details you can see it by natural language by LLM. If only ninja
scan had been there before signing. 2.4 billion jealous last year was theft.
Fishing, honey pots, others poisoning, most of them was catchable. So ninja is
trust and risk intelligence layer between intent and execution. Three
inputs. Entity is a smart contract and action transaction and position your
financial portfolio. Ninja, AI engine, analyze and visualize and two outputs.
One is a deterministic verdict safe or not by machine learning. We don't use
LLM at that time. So we only use LLM natural language explanation of the
transaction or code. Three diverse channels. Ninja scan, Trillium bot, API and
MCP. Why should you trust us? We already analyze over 90 millions of contracts.
Every contract on AVM. We classify nine vulnerabilities and we
score the similarity of existing vulnerable or malicious contract types.
Ninja is built for human today and ready for agents tomorrow. So we decided to
adopt ELC 8004. It's a new standard of agents identity. This is our team. My name
is Kazuki Kaneshiro, ZKAC founder and the ninja founders. So for many years I worked
on financial and AI a lot of projects in Japan and with me is Kai Otsuki, chief
scientist. He's an Ethereum committer. Two asks. We are looking for POC partners.
World developers and DeFi protocols and AI agent developers. Talk to me later.
And investors. We are raising. Just talk to me later too. Two QRs. Left one is a
ninja scan. Try. You can try it from now on any contract and right one is my
cherry-gum QR. So give me feedback and talk to me later. Ninja is human today
and agents tomorrow. Thank you. Thank you, Ninja, for the live demo. Next up, please
welcome Sysic AI. Hello everyone. This is Leo from Sysic. So today I'm going to
give you a preview of the things that we are building on our AI side. So AI
products like previously like we used to deliver four thousand four hundred
thousands of lines of code and we thought like without any human in the loop for
this like amount of coding project and the performance like we of this like
deliver code is like at least like 10 to 15 percent faster than the state of
art in the ZK proving site. Yeah we think like this this product may be also like
beneficial to the Ethereum or like a border community and like the whole
blockchain community. So I'm here to give you a like preview of the demo like we
use we use this like AI product to build a flappy bird this kind of like a games
without any human in the loop thing. Okay so now let's take a look at the demo.
Okay yeah so this AI product allows you to download the code like after like
it's finished the job but you can also like integrate this AI product with
with your github. So like it will allow the agent to push code to your github
repository and also like be author of this thing. So right now it's like doing
this like API integration. So integrate the API in the in this tool and then
then analysis to push code like to the to the to the github repository. So right
now like all the themes are set and you have this like API key then you can put
it in there and then you can choose your like AI models like you can plug in
basically every open source model plus the closed source model and then after
that you start the process. So here is like you input the description of this
game the flappy bird. There will be just a one round of interaction between you
and and the AI and now it starts working. So it will automatically generate all
the codes in several hours. Without any human in the loop you do not need to
check the status of the theme. There will be like a bunch of like AI agents doing
the coding while another bunch of like AI agents doing the like a review review.
It's basically the rough loop with code review if you are familiar with that.
Yeah so like here is like generating all the code and like for each round it will
provide you with a summary of like what they are doing what kind of like feature
they add to your product. Yeah so right now still like working on the code and
you can set the maximum rounds complexity to be like five or ten it all
depends on you. So after all after the code are you generated it will push the
codes to GitHub repository and you can check the commit you can check the
Remy to find out like what they are actually doing and the contributors
realize cloud. So you push like the agent will push all the things like to the to
the github and like without any human interaction. Yeah so that's the code
like we're just going through all the files you changed and like all the
commits it made to this GitHub repository. Okay so now let's take a look at
the same. Like we asked them to to do like 70 or 80 something this flappy
So it's deliver the game in about like two hours and we have already show
that this idea can be used to also do like a very complicated project. So
basically you don't need a very large team or like several several months to
do the product development. You just need one or two people and you can do
iteration like in weeks or probably like in days instead of in months. We are
about to launch this like product. If you are interested please stay tuned to
our Twitter account. You can search it online. Okay bye. Thank you
Sysic AI. Thank you for bringing us a useful tool for the builders and next up
please welcome Privacy Pools. Thank you everyone. I'm really honored to be here.
I've been told that I'm given four minutes so I'll try and make this
relevant to you, interesting and entertaining. So I am Vailin. I am the
APAC relations at Oxbow. At Oxbow we build privacy tooling such as privacy
pools and compliant toolings for enterprises.
We are a company that develops and uses online transaction privacy tools.
Products including privacy pools are tools for business and customers. So in this
demo I will be talking about what your crypto card tells the world with the
increasing adoption of stable coins and stable coin payments. We need to think
seriously about improving the design choices of these products because every
transaction is permanent and transparent on chain. And in this demo I'll be using
Gnosis Pay card as an example but my analysis in this presentation applies
for all self-custody card. So for Gnosis Card it has a lot of users. It has
31,000 weekly card payments, 3,500 active card holders, 2 million weekly volume
and most significantly 420% year-on-year growth. So every one of these
transactions is permanently stored on chain and there's no way of you deleting
that information or preventing other people from looking at your information.
So how Gnosis Pay actually works is that when you pull out your card to
pay for a coffee for example, Visa sends the auth request to Gnosis Pay, stable
coin transfer executes on chain from your wallet to the Gnosis Pay settlement
safe and then after that to Visa. So what's public is actually how much you
spend, the exact time spent when you spend that amount of money, your current
balance and your entire transaction history. We don't know the merchant name,
we don't know what you exactly buy and we don't know where you exactly buy the
thing from but we don't need to know to identify your entire financial footprint
because the amount and the timing is enough and what I mean by that, so my
team and I actually found every card holder on the Gnosis Pay card and all we
need to do is to find a single settlement vault to identify their
spending patterns. So take this pseudonymous person for example, we
found eight different points where he spent their money and we could
make educated guesses what exactly they spent on when and how. So we could guess
that at 8 a.m. they woke up and then they had a cup of coffee before taking the
transport to their work so they probably have a 9 to 5 job and then we could also
determine using assumption.