addition to scalability is privacy.
So we are actually enabling a new kind
of a privacy preserving applications starting
with ZK powered perpetual swap exchanges.
For example, we are working with Aster that
allows you to essentially submit orders that
is privacy protected.
So you don't actually, you want to be actually
able to see others orders or others positions
in the perpetual swap exchange that is fully decentralized
while at the same time ensure that the security is actually
maintained at a blockchain level.
So in fact, more recently we have
been working with an ecosystem like BNB Chain, which is also
Ethereum VM based to enable a general framework
for privacy preserving applications to bring off
chain information to the on chain work.
That is, you are able to essentially prove
that you are, for example, a certain kind
of a centralized exchange user to the on chain application
without actually revealing your exact identity.
So as I mentioned, we have been working a lot
with stable token and real world assets.
So the problem about stable token and the real world
assets today is that once you issue these assets,
the biggest problem is how do you get distribution?
How do you get data adopted?
Well, you actually need to integrate this
with the entire on chain DeFi ecosystem
and the financial ecosystem.
So to do that, you actually need to have a distribution
program that tracks user's interaction with your protocol
across all these different applications and interactions.
How do you build a trust free and transparent architecture
for this so that a user can participate
in this with high confidence in the security
is something of an unsolved challenge
until we arrive in the market.
So we built something called continuous protocol
incentivization that allows you to essentially build
this transparent real world asset and stable token growth
program.
And we have helped with many different stable token
protocols to distribute hundreds of millions
of incentives and tokens per year to their end users.
And we have been also helping many of the new chains
growth here that allows you to essentially grow
the new chain with the same kind of concept
of building a transparent and trust
free scalable and incentive distribution programs.
So my conclusion here is that verifiable computing
is a really kind of a cutting edge and noble concept
in computing that allows you to offload
some very complex computation away from blockchain
to this off chain world so that you can actually
tap into infinite amount of computing power
that were not available before.
And we believe that in 10 years, 99%
of computation for a blockchain application
is going to happen off chain.
And it's going to be verifiable with ZK proof and hopefully
by Brevis.
So finally, I want to touch on how
we build a decentralized network for this kind of a computation
to happen, right?
So this is happening off chain.
So how do you make sure that this is actually
kind of stable and secure from kind of a user's perspective
with high liveness is something of a unique challenge.
So in this entire computing stack,
we also have something called a Brevis Prover Network.
So any kind of a proving workload
that you want to kind of do is actually
distributed to this decentralized approving
network that allows you to run this truthful online double
auction system and to connect with an infinite amount
of computing power off chain so they can actually
generate these ZK proof for you securely
and with extremely high availability.
And we have this prover network live today.
So that's all.
Hopefully, I have given you guys a quick introduction
of how verifiable computing work today
and some of the amazing and exciting applications
that you can build with.
If you have any questions, I will be around after this session.
Come find me and talk to me.
Thank you.
Thank you, Michael.
Our next speaker is Tina Zheng, co-founder and steward
at Flashbot, diving into application controlled
execution, Ethereum competitiveness from DeFi
to FinTech to agent applications.
Please welcome Tina.
Tess, Tess.
All right.
So it's really great to go right after Dong Mo's presentation
about verifiable off chain infrastructure
because this is basically how we can
move the computation off chain while keeping our on chain
guarantees, which is really important for enabling agency,
human agency in our application design.
So in this talk, I want to try to tie all of the bits
and pieces that you've heard today
in a more theoretical and more design framework focused talk.
So the key question I want to zoom into in this talk
is, what are we actually building with all of this?
And I want to pause and let's think about for a moment,
what is agency?
Agency is the ability to act on your own behalf
with knowledge of what you're doing
and the ability to verify the outcome.
At least that's my definition.
And when we're entering the agentic era,
when we speak about agentic applications,
the system that matters will be the one that holistically
can preserve human agency over execution.
And I'll unpack this in my talk.
So every application has this similar shape
ever since the word application has been defined.
Input, logic, outcome.
It applies to payment, search, trading, even an LLM
can be seen by some.
The interface level feels like an application.
At least you download it in your app stores, right?
But what changed today is who controls
how the outcome that you want, that the human intent
is executed, and what outcome at the end of the day
is produced for me and for each of you.
So I want to quickly run through how applications has evolved.
And so over time, ever since, is it better?
I don't know how it sounds like for you guys.
OK.
Hi, Patrick.
So yeah, so basically over time, I
feel like our human interaction with the concept of computers
has evolved.
And the concept of applications has
evolved from desktop, web, mobile, all the way to social.
And you can see that as I laid out on the screen
how control has moved away from each of us,
how more and more layers of abstraction and intermediary
has been added to make things more convenient,
to make things happen for us.
But we're losing, and we have been losing control.
And here, specifically, I think that what
I wanted to kind of zoom in on is circle,
all the way through the right.
I think that we're at this more or less pivotal moment
in history where on-chain applications gives agency back
to the users.
And this is hardened through a set of infrastructure shifts
in how our intents get executed.
A key question I wanted to kind of focus on today
is, can an application be built without handing the control
to any single layers of the machine that
make decisions for us that takes away control
at the end of the day?
So first, since we're on Ethereum Application Day
at Web3 Festival, a concept we've been very familiar,
or we think we've been very familiar,
is decentralized applications.
Sometimes they call it smart contract applications.
And essentially, it's where chain,
the execution environment, the app logic,
secured by the chain's economic security,
what together they can do for us.
Decentralization is not the goal, but better application
than enable human agency is.
So there are many facets to a decentralized application.
And here, I've laid out essentially the on-chain
and off-chain component.
What eventually goes on-chain, what gets written into the block
is the final state that's enshrined and notarized
into the distributed ledger, a set of valid state transitions
that follows a set of rules.
And without going into too much of the jargon here,
I think that one thing I want to highlight, once again,
we call it decentralized applications,
but it's somewhat misleading.
Because decentralization, in my view, is a design commitment
and is how to make things work under the hood
to preserve certain guarantees that we want.
And it should not interfere with,
nor should it hinder the application experience
that, at the end of the day, how do our intents get executed?
And there are a lot of details that we can dive into,
but I'll probably gloss over that when we think
about decentralization, we should,
in terms of the design process, we should separately
think about the chain, what the chain provides as a guarantee,
what the off-chain substrate enables,
and what does your smart contract application that,
in my view, smart contracts are just dumb contracts.
They don't move by themselves, but they're rule-based,
and you can reason about it, and you can verify it.
And so in the past, we have been thinking about application
in a way that separates the app and the protocol,
but the lines are blurring.
Perhaps before I dive further into these kind of design
thinking and how things work under the hood,
before I lost you, I think one of the things
that you may have in mind, and this may be the burning
question that you've had all day long,
is how does blockchain help us in applications,
or what is even blockchain's role?
I think a lot of the speakers before me
have explained in their own words
and what they're working on, and we have inherited or assumed,
this is the truth, but in my view,
I view this question as quite important,
and my mental model has been blockchain
help us define our shared digital reality.
Today we live in a world where it's
full of misinformation, malinformation.
Every single app, every single algorithm
is manipulating how we think, what we think.
And our interaction, my interaction with TikTok
is different than my interaction with Doubao or chat GPT.
And in fact, if you ask each of the algorithms what
they think of me, they will tell you
completely different versions that I wouldn't even
want to admit.
But precisely in this world, I think
that there is something that needs to lay the ground truth
as what is our shared reality?
And so when we think about applications,
when we think about the human relationship with machines
that help us achieve what we want to achieve,
maybe the first question is, what is missing?
How do you know if something is real?
So this is more so on a philosophical level,
and I won't go into the details because I can't even
read the fine prints on my own slides.
It's too far away.
And one more thing that I want to help
set the stage in terms of a shared mental model
is that when we think about a blockchain,
blockchains have blocks, right?
And the block production process nowadays
we call block building is simply a contest
under deadline with rewards.
This has been true since the Bitcoin days,
and this continues to be true in Ethereum
and the future of blockchain substrate.
And within the deadline, it's all
about how can we pack the optimal block,
or how do we produce the most valuable block?
And it is this process that actually
goes into essentially the most important execution substrate
for blockchains.
And how does this relate to what you're familiar with?
Essentially, it's an ordering process,
finding what is valuable at the end of the day for you
based on order leverage the market.
So OK, so I'm going to try to speed run through the smart
contract application patterns, or else I
think your next panel will never start.
This may bore some of you, so I'll be quick.
So essentially, here are a few, I
would say, characteristics of a smart contract application.
Essentially, I really can't really see what's on my slides.
Yeah, so basically, there is the deterministic aspect
that guarantees the same input, and you get the same output.
There is the aspect of public state that's visible to all.
There's the importance of composability
that makes essentially today what you see as Ethereum
very competitive when it comes to DeFi applications,
because composability is super important for liquidity.
And finally, the permissionless nature of it,
that anyone can participate in the market,
anyone can deploy contracts.
And there are different roles, of course, in the system.
When you think about a smart contract application,
I view it as a design that is intentionally incomplete,
as in smart contracts are dumb contracts,
as I mentioned earlier.
And they rely on external third party, such as bots,
and mostly bots, to update the state.
And so DeFi design, ever since inception,
has always been, in my view, designing
how to leave money on the table for bots to help arbitrage
and move the markets.
And so in AMMs, as we know, arbitrage bots
help align the price.
Liquidations is super important for lending protocol,
and that's basically who's doing the most valuable work
in those most fundamental smart contract applications
that we're familiar with, is actually the bots.
And with intent-based architecture, aside from AMMs,
the state of the art has become a hybrid of essentially AMMs
and off-chain solvers, as well as nowadays,
you may have heard the fancy term this year, is prop AMM.
But essentially, how do all of these work?
What are the invisible humming bees
that's making the market for you?
Those are bots.
So in other words, application is contract,
the smart or dumb contract, plus the market that completes it.
And so there's also another concept
that I won't dwell too much into it.
There's atomic execution, the atomicity,
the importance of atomicity, and the importance
of composability.
Those are technical jargons that just keep in mind
they will be important and relevant when
we speak about today and future agentic application.
So to sum it up, basically, when it comes to smart contract
applications, it's an open ecosystem.
And this design pattern helps preserve agency
because it gives us the ability to understand,
to act under known rules towards outcome that we can verify.
So in fact, there is much more to the on-chain contracts
and the off-chain bots aspect when
it comes to the design pattern of designing applications
that serve as human agency.
So on Ethereum, we already have atomic composition
that's basically inside one transaction, the atomicity
aspect.
But now, how do we extend it across
in the entire execution pipeline to ensure
that the guarantees that we need to execute our intent
faithfully, that give us the best execution, is there?
So again, it goes into this part that you don't usually
hear explained when we speak about or think
about applications.
Again, I go back to blocks.
So essentially, blockchains have blocks.
And it's this contest under deadline, as I mentioned.
And in fact, in the production to produce
through a competition, the most valuable block
under this deadline, thousands of counterfactual futures,
thousands of blocks are submitted,
in fact, by each of the block builder that
enters in this competition.
Just within that 12 seconds of Ethereum slot time.
One way I like to think about it is,
if you remember the Marvel comics,
I think one of the Avengers series,
there is a scene where Doctor Strange looks
into the millions of future worlds
and finally found one where Xenos was not going to win.
And so you can think about the block building process
as in real time, taking into account the entire world's
information.
And then as every milliseconds go by,
and then compute and recompute what is the optimal outcome.
And then submit it as the deadline approaches
into this block construction process, this market,
this contest.
And so in fact, why I focus on this analogy
and this point of many possible futures
with one canonical block is because if you want
the state of the world, if you want something to happen.