This is the complete knowledge graph of machine learning.
It shows all the concepts and all the dependency relations between them.
For instance, this node represents GPT, a concept that builds upon causal language
models, theory training, transformers, autoregressive models, neural networks, multi-head attention,
and many more, reaching back to the very foundations of mathematics.
Once we map out all the mathematical and algorithmic concepts in machine learning,
patterns start to emerge. We can see subfields and their connections, computer vision,
natural language processing, probability theory, linear algebra, and many more.
But here's what I find the most beautiful. From the directed graph structure,
we can infer a hierarchical order between nodes and truly see the foundations of machine learning.
For instance, here's gradient descent, a concept that builds upon a few prerequisites,
yet supports the entire machine learning world as we know it.
Let's start at the beginning. What is a knowledge graph?
According to Wikipedia, a knowledge graph is a knowledge base that uses a graph structure
to represent and operate on data. They are often used to store interlink descriptions
of entities, such as objects, events, situations, or abstract concepts,
while also encoding relationships underlining these entities.
In our case, the knowledge graph of machine learning is built from mathematical and
algorithmic concepts, such as the derivative. As the derivative is defined by a limit of
real numbers, its closest prerequisites are the concepts real number, completeness,
convergence, and limit in the knowledge graph. On the other hand, the concepts chain rule,
tangent plane, Taylor expansion, and many more build upon the notion of the derivative,
thus they are immediate descendants. By mapping out all the concepts of machine learning in this
way, we obtain a knowledge graph of 2,081 nodes and 5,149 edges. So, how did I build this?
The knowledge graph is constructed recursively. In the first step, I took 810 high-level
machine learning concepts, such as GPT, CatBoost, ResNet, and others. Then I asked
Claude to write a definition, such as a deep convolutional neural network that introduces
skip connections, enabling the training of very deep networks by providing shortcut paths
for gradient flow and making it easier to learn identity mappings. And extract the
used components, such as convolutional neural networks, gradient, skip connections,
deep networks, identity mapping, and many more. These are added as new nodes to the graph,
then connected to the ResNet node. By repeating this process over and over,
we reach the fundamental mathematical concepts such as logical implication, set, and element,
where we terminate the recursive search. After doing this for all 810 seed concepts,
and performing a transitive reduction on the edges, we obtain the full knowledge graph.
In our case, the graph is directed and ac-click. Let's find some patterns.
First, by looking at the nodes that have no incoming edges, we find the five foundational
concepts. Logical implication, logical conjunction, set, element, and equality.
These are the level 0 nodes. Nodes whose longest path from level 0 nodes has length 1
are the level 1 nodes. These include subset, set intersection, natural numbers, ordered pair,
and more. The process continues until all nodes are reached.
What are the most important nodes in this graph? What are the pillars of machine learning?
For instance, gradient descent is widely accepted to be the go-to optimization algorithm.
When mapping out its prerequisites and its dependence, we can see that while gradient descent
builds upon only a couple of concepts, it is practically used by everything else above it.
What's the scientific way to find such central nodes? One method is to compute each
node's betweenness centrality defined by the formula on the screen.
Let's unpack this. The betweenness centrality formula of V computes the ratio of the total
number of shortest paths between any two nodes S and T, and how many of those shortest paths
pass through V, then sums them up. In other words, betweenness centrality measures how
unavoidable a node is. The higher it is, the more likely you'll pass through V
when going from one node to another. Among other metrics, I calculated the
betweenness centrality for all nodes. To visualize this, let's make the node sizes
proportional to this metric. The top central nodes are neural network, real numbers,
completeness, convergence, backpropagation, limit, gradient descent, absolute value,
distance, function, and matrix. What's more interesting is that these central nodes form
a thin spine at the bottom of the graph. This is the true foundation of machine learning,
the concepts that the entire field builds upon. Of course, from a practical standpoint,
mastering machine learning is better from the top down. Pick a topic and trace back the
knowledge graph. If you want to explore the knowledge graph of machine learning yourself,
I made an interactive explorer for you to try. Check the link in the description.
You can also find the source on github if you want to play around with the code.
If you found this video valuable, consider subscribing and sharing it with your friends.
It really helps me creating more high quality content.
Thanks for watching, and see you soon. Cheers, TIVADAR!