Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Ethereum Application Gathering hosted by Ethereum Application Guild, aka EAG,
a global non-profit collaborative organization dedicated to advancing the innovation, adoption, and real-world impact of the Ethereum native applications.
I'm today's MC Yu Yan, and I'll be with you all day.
The Ethereum infrastructure has reached a new level of maturity, and the focus is increasingly shifting towards applications.
Today, we will have a four-chapter discussion towards where momentum is forming, what challenges remain, and how applications are beginning to take shape in practice.
Let's start with Chapter 1, From Infrastructure to Applications, Ethereum's Next Phase.
We will have an overview of the latest developments across Ethereum, its key infrastructure layers, and how these advances are shaping readiness for real-world applications.
Our first chapter will kick off with an inspiring opening speech by Dr. Xiao Feng, Chairman of Wan Xiang Blockchain, Chairman and CEO of Hashkey Group.
Please welcome the Chairman of Wan Xiang Blockchain, Chairman and CEO of Hashkey Group, Dr. Xiao Feng, to give us his opening speech. Please welcome.
Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Ethereum Application Gathering hosted by EAG.
The Ethereum Application Gathering, EAG, originated in 2014.
In 2014, I made a judgment, which I later shared with many of my friends,
that blockchain technology has entered the Internet's 1950s.
That is to say, blockchain technology has developed enough to support large-scale commercial applications.
We know that most of the Internet platforms, we are now familiar with the Internet platforms,
were actually born between 1995 and 2005.
In addition to Amazon, which was founded in 1994, most of the applications were created in the 1950s.
So the real large-scale applications of the Internet started in 1995.
There are several conditions for the emergence of the Internet in 1995.
First of all, if the computer's control system, operating system, is still DAO,
and if it interacts with the computer by command line,
I believe there will not be a big outbreak of Internet applications.
Later, from the DAO browser, there was a dialogue box,
and then developed a graphics operating system.
The graphics operating system is like Windows.
It allows more people to interact with computers in a more convenient way.
With this condition, with the development of technology,
Internet applications have only just begun to appear.
Of course, there are other conditions, including bandwidth,
a construction of communication facilities.
So the reason why I say that since 2004,
the blockchain has also entered a time when such an application broke out
is because at that time, many technologies of the blockchain,
some application tools, some mechanisms and means of construction of infrastructure,
have also begun to be able to use some commercial applications.
So I made such a judgment at that time.
So, of course, in addition to this judgment,
we also continue to discuss with people in the entire ecosystem
and people with application scenarios
how to establish such a commercial application on the blockchain.
So last year, in the second half of the year,
in Singapore, we launched the ETAFORM application alliance, EAG.
The ETAFORM's title, this abbreviation,
is because we discussed with the founder of ETAFORM, Vitalik,
what kind of abbreviation would be better?
In fact, Vitalik should be the name for this name.
Vitalik is of course very supportive of us
to launch such a global application alliance.
So another background of EAG's establishment
is that we have had a community activity in ETAFORM
called the Three Seas House since 2024 and 2025.
The Three Seas House was in Singapore last year in 2025.
There were dozens of global developers
gathered in Singapore for a month
to discuss various applications on ETAFORM.
More than 18 African developers came to Singapore
during the Three Seas House event in Singapore last year.
Most of the African developers,
these 18 African developers, came to Asia for the first time,
even walked out of Africa for the first time.
In addition to the event in Singapore last year,
there was also a three-seas house event in Thailand in 2024.
It also gathered dozens and nearly hundreds of ETAFORM developers,
especially application developers,
to gather together and discuss with each other
for a month.
This is also the foundation of ETAFORM's application alliance.
The Three Seas House has been in operation for three consecutive years.
The first one in 2023 was in China,
in a relatively cool place in the northeast of China.
There was also a month's time.
In the second half of 2023,
almost 300 people arrived at the site.
Some people stayed for one or two weeks and left.
Some people stayed longer.
Basically, based on these two foundations,
one is that we think that ETAFORM technology has arrived
and can support large-scale commercial applications.
The other is that in the past two, three, four, five years,
we have done some specific things in the form of the Three Seas House.
In the third quarter, the influence of the Three Seas House
has even exceeded that of Asia.
It has already had a very, very big impact in Africa.
So next, ETAFORM,
we are planning to do an ETAFORM event in Africa,
to really mobilize the African developers.
This is the origin of ETAFORM
and the preparation work that we have done before.
This afternoon at 4.30 p.m.,
we had a one-and-a-half-hour chat with Vittaric.
What we want to discuss is the application of ETAFORM.
From his point of view and from my point of view,
we want to discuss the future applications of ETAFORM.
What may be the trend, what may be the scenario,
what may be the construction of the infrastructure.
Yesterday, we also announced that
the three major technologies,
the blockchain, the zero-sensitivity certification,
and the global encryption,
after combining these three technologies,
may bring a subversive innovation
to the intelligent economy.
We know that, like the zero-sensitivity certification,
the formal verification,
these topics have actually been discussed
by the community of ETAFORM since 2016.
I remember very clearly that in October 2016,
the global development conference of ETAFORM was held in Shanghai.
It was held in Shanghai by Dewekang.
In the two consecutive days of the ETAFORM global development conference,
several technical experts have actually been discussing
the formal verification, the zero-sensitivity certification,
and how to combine these tools,
or the technology of privacy protection,
with the blockchain technology.
Over the past ten years, we have seen that
the technologies of the zero-sensitivity certification,
and the technology of the global encryption,
are gradually approaching or entering
a stage where they can support large-scale commercial applications.
The optimization of the algorithm
needs to be accelerated by hardware.
It needs to have a wider bandwidth.
After spending ten years,
the technologies of the zero-sensitivity certification
are gradually beginning to be able to support
a large-scale application
based on the combination of the blockchain and AI.
In my speech yesterday,
I specifically gave an example
of how the combination of these three technologies
can subvert the existing business.
I gave an example of the hospital.
This example is easier for everyone to understand.
The hospital data, its medical data,
its medical case,
is absolutely very, very valuable data.
But if the hospital only has its data without AI,
then it cannot turn data into a token.
If it cannot become a token,
it is difficult to be called by others.
But if only AI turns it into a token,
then it faces a problem that
the hospital data has a very high requirement
for privacy protection.
What is the requirement for privacy protection?
It needs the zero-sensitivity certification,
the privacy protection,
and the privacy computing technology
to support it.
Because the medical data
cannot be tolerated
and can be easily leaked.
But if only the zero-sensitivity certification
or the privacy protection,
the privacy computing technology
like the privacy encryption,
is still not enough.
Of course, it is already enough.
Because if only AI
and these privacy computing technologies
can be combined,
then what will happen?
If we want to use the data token
of a hospital,
we need to negotiate
with the relevant departments
of the hospital
offline,
sign contracts,
and pay.
This is obviously not beneficial to the hospital.
Unless the hospital establishes
a huge business operating system
to sell its own data,
it is obviously not beneficial to the hospital
to expand its business
in a token factory.
If it can add blockchain technology
like Bitcoin,
like Ethereum,
to become a business
that does not need to be trusted
and allowed,
then the token factory
of a hospital
with all medical data
can be used
without the trust
of the hospital.
It can be used by people
and by global
developers
and demanders.
This is obviously a better
and can reach
a wider range
of demanders
in a new business model.
This is what we said yesterday.
So we have been discussing
about
how to
create a new business model
with the support
of other technologies
on Ethereum.
So,
today,
at this moment,
EAG
in the year 2026,
has strengthened
our confidence.
The blockchain
in the year
2026