There are how does it get executed actually matters and will impact in fact
it's not that easy that you what you want become a reality and
you have to simulate there are many actors that compete in simulation and
Trying to predict which outcome is going to lend you
your swap
your intent your LLM calls like the best execution what routes and
and
So this is like essentially like some more
Jargons explaining what I was explaining in earlier in the doctor strange analogy
essentially
Today you can almost see
the block building process for a blockchain as a metaphor
But also have a lot in parallel with a live
reinforcement learning environment
and
Essentially the ground to PNL are the building rewards
the block rewards for this distributed comment or auction that happens under deadline and
It's a
There's a local feedback loop of how do you optimize the execution routes?
How do you and there's a global feedback loop of how does the market structure evolve?
So in fact, probably the better the more precise term is an evolutionary
Reinforced learning environment
Under ever zero condition
This is actually quite relevant today because if you recall most of your agents most of your LLM's today
they are trained to
please you to do what you tell it to do but it's kind of dumb as it they don't have economic rationality as
And they are easily scammed and tricked
So in fact
One thing that has not been fully explored is that in blockchain
Especially the block building the simulation process the adversarial simulation
could actually add
value to our
Progress on the AI front to general intelligence and that is very much
Under-appreciated and then a little bit more about this
How
Things work under the hood. How does your intent gets executed and end up landing on chain?
in the block building process the top of block is the most heated battleground and
Basically who is going for the top of block all of these whether it's cross
Cross venue arbitrage what we call like centralized exchange to decentralized exchange statistical arbitrage or algorithmic liquidations that needs to go
Immediately after an oracle update or oracle driven updates that are just like basically move real-world information on chain
Or market maker quote refresh. Those are essentially high contention
states
that are in competition and
in fact all of them if you squint are
Oracle updates or the hard work of moving what happens in the real world onto the moodle ledger and
so
this and so essentially when it comes to
the block building process and
How your transaction sorry how your intent gets executed?
there is
Heated battles in this distributed combinatorial auction across MEV searchers like these arbitrage bots across the
Solvers for whichever
Decks that you like to use or aggregators. There's
aggregators fighting the routing war and
There's a block builders that are trying to bid strategically and pack the optimal block
This is where how your
intents
gets translated through market competition into an optimal outcome for
you in
this chaotic process and
Essentially from the moment you sign a transaction to
Like a transaction lands on chain
Here is the gap and that gap needs to be held accountable and so and in this chaotic distributed process
Again, there's a natural tendency in these market competition
to vertically integrate
to centralize because capital begets capital and then
domain expertise in solving in building or those who have the most water flow or
Will win and continue to win just like
Robin Hood and
Citadel its relationship
Water flow is king and the kingmaker and
Your intent is someone else water flow that they can profit from
So at the end of the day the most important and oftentimes not spoken about
Application design happens really under the hood
To is how do we enable to turn a chaotic
Competition into a chaotic
Co-op petition stealing the word of deep hog from Visa
And in fact on aetherium whether it's called proposer builder separation
And
Where you see despite?
as well as where you can see the specialization of
solvers and searchers
that
that basically compete on their separate lanes and
Then arbitrate it and then the block building process arbitrate
in a fair contest who wins and
These process
Essentially in a permissionless fashion
Compose together into a supply chain that
enables the specialized actors to
Do their best work and we call this secure composition
in distributed block building
So to sum it up like this is a good kind of illustration of what I just said of like you can kind of roughly see
Like there's an on-chain component from intent submission like to
finally what goes back on chain, but then what's in the middle is
all off chain in the attested environments with proofs and
Like you need to basically rely on and
Like evidence of what ran a set of other stations a chain of proofs
To enable the same guarantees
Is
Executed for your intent
So here I won't go into details
When we speak about attestations
You can simplify it or the mental model
I like to think about it is essentially break it down into the integrity guarantee confidentiality guarantee and composability guarantee and
Specifically when I speak about attestation, I think that one of the most important and relevant
Attestation is TE attestation as in block building as in this distributed combinatorial
Auction under
That's highly
adversarial
Essentially TE is the only tool in the near to medium future to ensure
Your intent gets executed faithfully
For the optimal quality, but these are
the breakdown of what does the TE attestations used in the block building context can give you and
Finally a bit more about like, you know market microstructure
You may wonder why is it the case that every like how do these specialized actors do their best work?
How does the orchestration happen?
Ultimately at the end of the day is all about signals
Who has what information under this 12-second deadline and
Who
whose view like who needs what complementary information and
How do you lend compute? How do you share compute in this entire process without?
Needing to trust your counterparty
That's really the end of the day
How does everything that I'm talking about, you know map on to your
Like the actual market structure and
So like in a nutshell
when we think about application design interface fades and
ultimately is the guardrails that
like
Defend the market microstructure that shapes how the market competes and cooperate
Determines your execution quality and
I guess my time is almost up. So I'll just speed run it. So how does this tie into
agentic applications, so the key question we should be asking is when software acts on a human behalf
like these constraints don't just
prevent like
abuses by machines and by others
like these
What I was speaking about well blockchains and the block building process
enables and supports and brings to the our real-world application is
they can help define the guardrail and constrain what agents are allowed to do and
So
essentially like when you look at how far we've gotten since the inception of DeFi in 2018 19
To essentially 296 agentic application in agentic execution. I would say one of the key Delta is this
accountability for the invisible routing proprietary execution and outcome attribute
attribution
Like receipts for outcome attribution that become available
in other words
What is in the red now? We can help them accountable through verifiable off-chain
Infrastructure that works in conjunction with on-chain
smart contracts and
So like and all of what I was saying earlier when I speak about trading bots when I speak about MEV boss
Solvers aggregators. These are all just spots and you can think about them in a meta level
in parallel with agents and
Except that agents they work in a non-atomic way and it's a multi-step
process and
but the same microstructure that we spoke about earlier where
Power is concentrated and agency is taken away from your hands. It still applies in
this
agentic
application design paradigm
the only Delta that you need to be more mindful of is delegation or is
Do you trust your agent to take over your accounts on social media?
Take care of your email accounts take over your
entire
operating systems
That you rely upon
At what point can you trust them? In fact, if you think about it, this is the same question that you should ask yourself when they think about
approvals
signing transactions on block chains and
in fact
despite all of the recent hacks I
would say that
On-chain applications or smart contract applications in aetherium, especially the work around account abstraction has
significantly
Advanced and leaf rocked. I think the state-of-the-art in terms of secure account delegation in
the web to world
as well as in agentic
applications
in other words in
agent to agent communications off
Authorization it's not soft
but blockchain has close to
What we have what we see what I see as a solution much closer
Big and it's been battle-tested under adversarial conditions with real money
at the table, so
Now the key question, you know to sum everything all up what to build. How do we?
Enable human centric agency and in light and extend it to agent mediated future. That's the question and
Here are some more technical jargons
But in the nutshell a lot of these design considerations are
What we've been designing for in smart contract applications on the blockchain substrate the same design pattern design philosophy
that should be applied to agentic application applications and
A simple task
like this
actually
entails like every single decision that we just discussed the complexity that's hidden away from you under the hood
To be trustworthy
To be accountable and that requires founded authority
verifiable execution
neutral coordination and
Give us the right to refuse or in other words a better UX for approval
or in other words a better UX and period and
So yeah in a nutshell
The key to
application design with agency is
execution
That's accountable and this is the distributed coordination problem that blockchains
When smart contracts have been solving and we're solving them at scale
Yeah, so here's a
simplification
Blockchains would like to show layers. So this is one way you can
Think about it. There goes your base layer that unerise and finalizes
your shared reality
But then the starting point is always your human intent. What do you actually want?
and then the rest that's
Bracketed a lot of our work at flashbots is here on execution markets
resolving
competing intense
resolving contention of states and
Through this distributed combinatorial auction
To pack the optimal block select one canonical outcome that is best in your interest
So remember dr. Strange, I just want you to leave with that image
Millions of futures gets enumerated and simulated one gets selected. Do you want that one outcome?
To be that to be what's in your favor if that's the case
Care about what happens under the hood
All right, that's it. Thank you
Thank you, Tina
Thank You Tina
While we get the stage set up for our next session a quick note for those who may just have joined us
Today's gathering is hosted by the aetherium application guild aka EAG a global nonprofit
collaborative organization
Dedicated to advancing the innovation adoption and the real-world impact of aetherium native applications
Up next we will move on to an exciting panel discussion titled institutional adoption on aetherium
challenges gaps and the path forward
Let's welcome the moderator QZ partner of aetherium ecosystem fund
The panelists are Patrick McCoury
researcher at Arbitrum Foundation
Mojalin
institutional privacy lead at is aetherium foundation
Serena Wong head of
HSK Ecolabs at Hushkey group and Samuel Chong
institutional relations lead APAC and Mina at LIDL ecosystem foundation
Please welcome them up. Hi everyone
So today's panel is about institutional adoption. So we've got a very illustrious group across the entire industry
I'm gonna just jump right into it because I think we might be a bit short of time
so
Today actually I want to frame the session with our provocation, which is that?
Institutional adoption is usually represented as validation
but
I'm curious right like what if institutions are adopting aetherium for something quite different from what we have actually built
And so that will be the core tension of today's discussion
and I'm gonna start with Patrick from Arbitrum and
For you you've been particularly vocal about pushing institutions towards self-custody and using more multi-six
safe hardware wallets
the whole stack
But for a finance person signing a million dollar transaction and being asked to verify call data
Intendedly that that's genuinely terrifying
The UX doesn't match the ask what do you have to say about this?
Yeah, I mean let me set the scene first before I get into the you know
My rant about the UX of crypto right now. So as most people here are aware
Ethereum has existed for about ten years and defies about seven years old and
For about the past seven years. We've built these really cool defy primitives that are just minimized and obviously they're smart contracts and they're autonomous
But with these defy protocols they've been built using food coins and meme coins and not real assets
But in 2025 2026 and onwards we're now starting to see this intersection between
DeFi and obviously trotify and real-world assets
So now we're going to see RWAs land on aetherium and interact with these defy
Primitives that we've built for the past seven years and that's really really exciting and like I don't know like it gets me really
Like, you know bubbly when I when I hear about it
But the problem is that for the past seven years the prime user of defy has been technical folk or developers
Or people who understand how the system works
So let me ask people in the audience here if I can grab your attention
I just have like one or two questions to get a sense of your experience
So raise your hand if you have ever used a hardware wallet
Who's ever tried using a hardware wallet before?
Cool a few people over there. I see a few people we see some OGs
Okay, cool. And then raise your hand if you enjoyed using a hardware wallet
No one's ever knowns reason their hand on down there. Look at that. That's the true dev got a core dev down there
And that's my point like hardware wallets are
Really difficult to use they're terrifying you look at the screen and it just has this hash of a blind signing mode
So you have no idea what you're even signing and then once you sign it
You're about to transfer millions of dollars if you're like an institution and then you visit the website for these monthly sakes
I mean we do use gnosis safe by complain about it all the time
You go on this website and it's somewhat terrifying for financial like anyone who's not a dev
They look at it. They simulate the transaction. They go in tenderly they see code
They see hashes and they're just like all I want to do is you know deposit into a defy protocol
I have no idea what's going on here
And so the issue we have as an industry is that the defy primitives are there they work
They're bottle tested for seven years
But the UX has not caught up because we've not really had real-world assets and real, you know finance users
Tradfied users interacting with the chain and that's really the next thing we need to fix
UI is like the next frontier for the next couple of years and
Yeah, that's my rant over basically I can I could go on but even screenshots and everything
But I think most people get the point
We really need to work on the UX because it's terrifying for tradfied people and they're going to be the real users over the next
four years
Absolutely, I definitely agree with that that when I sign my hardware wallet, I get a heart attack
Shut a vodka
You gotta be very brave
So that's one point that I think institutions need to do a bit better about which is UX, right?
So the other point I think is actually about education
And so this question is actually for Mo who works for the Ethereum Foundation's
institutional privacy lead now
One thing that we have discovered over the years is that the strongest institutional relationships with Ethereum have not come from like
Directly trying to pitch them. Can you use the theorem? Can you use Eve like that? It's not very effective
so we are curious that
for
Ethereum what is
Ethereum is very challenging to navigate without a guide and I think for you
That's something that you have been playing a role for different institutions from a very personal matter
And so I'm curious that when as part of the privacy task force where institutions engage
Directly with a specific problem and found their way into Ethereum
What is the right model in your opinion for engaging institutions?
Yeah, so I definitely think that first of the word institutions is very broad. There are many different types
But the way that you engage them is predominantly I think
The same or the way it should be done which is
Understanding what they're trying to do for a lot of these folks. They don't necessarily understand
Blockchains that well, they don't necessarily understand their forness as they give them
But what they do know is maybe the problems that they're working on. I think what's the great thing about
An ecosystem like a theorem is that you know, you can help them solve moving money. You can help them solve identity
But what they get without almost not knowing is that they also get this like really large open infrastructure
One that's like battle-tested and resilient
one that can't censor them and
I think like the model there is as you suggested like understanding what they're doing, but then there is this gap
Where they don't quite understand the additional properties that they get that is extremely beneficial to them and they realize that over time. So I think
Yes, that's definitely the model and then the scaling aspect of that
I think is an interesting one, which is like goes back to education
Heading to understand why these things are important why we care about these properties why we've been working in this space for 10 years
and
That's where we need to rely on the ecosystem
So, you know, I work at the foundation but really for this to be successful
It has to be an ecosystem effort has to be from folks that work at Arbitrum folks that work in you know
There's different organization all across the world
And I think if we do that and we create like open specs and general knowledge that people can leverage
That is the best way forward. It's still that education gap and having a place where people can refer to that
So folks like Arbitrum, Hashkey
All doing great work and please continue doing so definitely just a quick follow-up question
I think one feedback that we've gotten in the space is that Ethereum tends to
invent a lot of new words
What are some
Better suggestions you have to better translate and make what we do legible to institutions
I think this is where it's really important to have people that have some domain expertise in what that institution is doing
So it could be for example
Educational space it could be bio
It could be pharma it could be finance and then once you understand what they're looking for you're able to translate
There are various different affordances. So a lot of people often talk about censorship resistance
And for you know many organizations what that means that there's less
counterparty risk being able to understand that their language and translate that I think is the way forward and in order to do that
It's I think almost the most Ethereum way is to be collaborative
Work with others understand where they're coming from and then use that as a bridge to help communicate what we can give them
So since we are still on the topic of institutions, let me have the next question for hash key
So
Serena
First time seeing you hash key has been a great supporter of Ethereum for quite a few years already
Yeah, and I'm curious because hash key both
Serves institutions and it's kind of become a large enough organization that some of us would consider them an institution
Yeah, so I'm curious when you talk to different organizations about Ethereum
What is the first objection that you usually hear and how do you help to alleviate it to help them to understand?
What are some of these affordances that Ethereum might bring to them?
Okay, it's great to be here. Yeah. Well, hash key is in our unique position
Yeah, first of all, we are a licensed and the regulated group
Yeah, so we speak the language of compliance
But we also build our own hash key chain. Yeah, yeah, it's serum. Yeah
when the
Institute institutions sit down with us as a conversation is
Narrowby like is a serum is central
Decentralized enough. Yeah, so real talk will be like that side if something goes wrong on chain who is accountable?
Yeah, they wanted to know the
clearly
Clearly chair of restability. Yeah, so they could
have the proper explanation to their legal counsel well like
Compliance officer and so on. Yeah
So that's why
Our hash key chain. Mmm. Yeah lead leads to you. So we wanted to meet the gap between the complaints
and the institutions to the crypto. So
Yeah, mmm
Yeah, and we wanted to put you know, the plans as a first feature into the
infra, yeah
So it's quite brave for hash key to be taking that approach
Especially when you talk about being compliant as a as a regulated entity. Yeah
Yeah, just think so. I think that's a very unique perspective
for all of us
And honestly, it's it's really incredible that hash key has taken the step forward to move beyond just like very typical
Kind of like trading activities and this kind of thing. So
my question for you, I suppose is
What why have you or why do you think hash key has taken a step forward and chosen Ethereum?
Yeah, I think
Maybe the complaints want us to do that
yeah, because you know, we are based in Hong Kong and you know a lot of
Institutionals from tried to fire around of us and when
They'd wanna you know
Get the eyesight to the market what they mainly care about is you know
Is that safe or security do you have KYC? Yeah, do you have the transfer restrictions? How do you?
Meet the you know requirements for the government or for example AML. Yeah, so I think
is
It's a new trend of industry. Yeah to be a compliance chain. Yeah
Maybe I can add a bit more to that people don't mind. I think another thing that we've found is that
basically Ethereum has been