To have a wealth transfer to a younger generation who trust their phones and code, AI is part
of their lives.
They're not AI immigrants, they're AI natives.
And when you compound that with this idea of agents, which were unheard of two to three
years ago, our financial lives are going to change.
Imagine a world in 2027 where you have a traditional bank account which has a crypto or on-chain
digital wallet with it.
Imagine you have a crypto wallet that's linked to your bank and to your phone.
Imagine a world where every time you get a paycheck, your agent immediately takes your
money, puts it in the highest yielding bank account.
Or imagine every time you get a bonus or an inheritance or on a Chinese New Year, a red
envelope, your agent understands your financial goals and is putting that money into Tesla
or a bond or an index fund.
Imagine you then own these assets in tokenized form.
That is how stocks and bonds are going to exist next year.
Imagine they can then take that stock or bond and lend it through your wallet to give you
additional yield.
And then every month or every night, it can look at your goals, it can look at your portfolio
and automatically rebalance it.
So what I'm suggesting is in a world where young people don't have access to institutional
tools that are reserved for Wall Street and the largest banks, in a world where young
people feel like they're falling behind financially, an agentic machine economy can help you bridge
that gap, can get you better yields, better returns that can help you save for your first
apartment, for a goal, for your child's wedding.
And this is going to happen as your digital twin.
Remember that word.
Your bank is going to have a Web 3 wallet, you're not even going to know it's the blockchain
and your digital twin will follow your instructions.
The final thing I'll say is I really enjoyed the previous speaker and he said something
interesting that you will be the master of your agent, not your agent.
And I agree and I disagree.
You will be in control of your agent, but you learn from masters.
Remember the great scholars in China, you learned at the feet of your masters.
So while you will have governance over your agent, your agent will teach you how to invest.
Your agent will teach you how to rebalance your portfolio.
Your agent will teach you how to achieve your goals.
So while you control your agent, it could be a master to you to help you achieve better
things in life than you can achieve on your own.
And your agent doesn't lie and your agent doesn't sleep and your agent will obey you.
That is the future we see in front of us sooner than we imagine.
It's very exciting, a lot of new development implementations.
And I know you will come back to Hong Kong and I hope I can see you soon.
But as a final question, when next time you're back to Hong Kong, what change do you expect
to see in terms of technology, in terms of ecosystem and the world role do you expect
shop playing to play as a core Ethereum ecosystem players?
I would hope and expect a few things.
One is it's not enough to pass stable coin legislation.
The stable coins have to grow in circulation and they have to be used to make crypto payments.
They have to be used by corporate treasuries of the largest institutions.
They have to be used in commerce and they have to be used eventually in agentic payments.
You're not using a physical piece of paper for these agents to make micro payments.
It'll happen with stable coins.
I hope that the regulators will meet with the industry and think about how some of the
financial markets can be existing in digital format.
Like in the US where the New York Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ, two of the largest capital
markets in the world are going to start trading on a tokenized basis 24-7.
But what I'm most looking forward to is going back to West Kowloon to the Ethereum community
hub and I hope it's filled with young people who are building and innovating and I hope
to listen and learn to what they're building.
That's what I'm looking forward to the next time I come here.
SharpLink's role is to give investors opportunity to get access to this once in a lifetime Ethereum
transformation.
Buy a single stock on NASDAQ.
We hope to raise capital here, but we also help to come invest in the local community
through staking and through partnerships.
If you own Ether, you have a responsibility to be part of the ecosystem and make it better.
So I'm humbled to be here.
I'm also quite excited to look back in three months or six months and I'll maybe leave
you with a quote from one of the greatest American innovators named Bill Gates.
For those of you who think I'm describing science fiction or something that you won't
see in the next year or two, Bill Gates had a great quote.
He was the leader of Microsoft, one of the most transformative enterprise software companies
in the world, and he basically said that human beings overestimate what can be accomplished
by an individual, a team, or technology in one year.
We overestimate the impact of one year's innovation, but humans fundamentally underestimate the
impact of an individual contributor, a builder, or a technology is going to have in a decade.
We never would have imagined that AI in the year 2020 would have the impact it has today.
We are fundamentally underestimating the level of prosperity and autonomy and access that
these technologies will provide, and you won't think of them as crypto.
You'll just think of them as the new user interface for the future of finance and commerce.
So don't underestimate what's coming, lean in, learn, and participate, and stay true
to the principles that we're talking about in the Ethereum community.
Well, Joseph, I cannot learn enough from you, and I would love to carry on the conversation,
but with limited time, I certainly hope to continue the conversation the next time you're
coming back to Hong Kong, and I hope to see you soon in Hong Kong.
Thank you so much for the time today.
Thank you, and thank you to SNZ.
Thank you both.
If you leave the stage, please take a picture.
Please give them a round of applause.
Thank you.
Now, Michael, co-founder and CEO of Brevis on building next-gen dApps with the infinite
compute layer.
Please welcome Michael.
All right.
Hello, everyone.
This is Michael from Brevis.
Thank you so much for coming to my talk this afternoon, and today I'm going to talk about
been building at Brevis and how you can build the next generation of decentralized application
using infinite computer power that is powered by Brevis.
So what is Brevis?
Brevis is what we call an infinite compute platform, and what it does is it is a ZK-powered
verifiable computing platform that enables a lot of new use cases in blockchain applications.
So before I dive into what we do exactly, let me kind of talk about the challenge we're
trying to solve here.
So blockchains themselves are often marketed as word computers.
But if you look at all the blockchains that are available today, they simply cannot run
faster than a single server, and it is extremely expensive to process transactions on blockchain.
Well, you may say, OK, wait, wait, wait.
This cannot be the case because we have been building blockchain scalability technology
for years, so we should be able to build anything on blockchain today, right?
Well, unfortunately, that is not the case.
Let me give you a very concrete example here.
So if you have ever used any centralized exchanges in the past, you all have used this kind of
feature where if you trade it loud in this month, in the next month, you get a trading
fee discount, right?
So this is a bread and butter user retaining feature for centralized exchanges.
You would imagine this kind of a feature will be available on every decentralized exchanges
like Uniswap, PancakeSwap, and everywhere, right?
But it's not actually the case.
None of them have this feature.
And it's not because they don't want to build this.
It's actually because they're building this feature on blockchain directly requires a
level of computation that is not available in today's blockchain because it's too expensive.
Well, why is that?
We want to ask why blockchains are actually this expensive, right?
Well, it is actually deeply rooted in how blockchains work today.
So blockchain is operated by something called distributed consensus, and you have a lot
of different nodes in the blockchain network, and everyone is computing the same thing,
so they can reach agreement on certain computation result and kind of move the blockchain forward.
So let's say we have this two-node blockchain where we have Alice and Bob here, and Alice
is trying to compute the result of this multiplication equation, and then Alice is now trying to
convince Bob this is actually the correct result.
So what does Bob do here?
Well, the only way for Bob to actually reach consensus with Alice is to do the computation again.
So this is okay, but this is actually problematic because a very simple kind of a computation
that is, let's say you want to swap token A to token B on blockchain is now actually
replicated a million times on blockchains like Ethereum because you have actually a
million different kind of nodes in Ethereum, and that is why replicated computing is making
blockchain extremely expensive to use.
Well, so how do we solve this?
Well, we can solve this by using a new concept called verifiable computing.
In verifiable computing, you have different roles in the computing process.
So you have Alice as not only the computing provider, but also a proof generator.
So Alice is not only just doing the computing, but also generates a mathematical piece, a
magical piece of mathematical proof called zero-knowledge proof.
So the zero-knowledge proof is a very magical thing here that Alice can send to Bob here
so that Bob can verify the computation is done correctly without actually rerunning
the computation again.
And this is very important because no matter how complex the original computation is, the
verification cost is always tiny and the verification latency is always very low.
And with this new primitive, we can build new kind of blockchains and even new kind
of blockchain applications because now, you know, we don't actually need to run everything
on blockchain themselves.
We can actually offload very complex and heavy computation away from blockchain to this off-chain
environment that we built called Brevis.
And inside of Brevis, you can actually do the computation but also generate a zero-knowledge
proof and you can bring the zero-knowledge proof back to the blockchain and the blockchain
can use the computation result as if the entire computation happened on blockchain directly.
The most important thing here is that this entire process does not actually introduce
any additional trust assumptions and is as secure as if you're just doing everything
on blockchain directly but at the same time, extremely low cost because the blockchains
themselves are just verifying the computation result instead of actually doing the computation.
So Brevis is actually massively used in production today and we have great adoption across, for
example, the DeFi ecosystem and some of the biggest attacks today like PancakeSwap, Uniswap,
are using us to build their user customisation and intelligent DeFi features.
And we're also powering growth on things like Linea, BNB chain and many others.
For example, we have helped Linea to launch their entire blockchain through a program
called Linea Ignition Program that allows you to actually distribute the network token
to users with ZK proof.
And we have also been helping and building alongside of our reward asset partners especially
in the stable token space that we help them to grow the stable token and so many others.
So I mentioned like we have a lot of adoptions but what is actually Brevis?
What is actually inside this magic box?
Well, the centerpiece of our entire computing stack is something called a Pico ZKVM.
So what is a ZKVM?
Well, ZKVM is a general purpose virtual machine that you can run any program on top of it.
And it's ZK and the ZK enabled means that you can actually run any program and generate
a verifiable proof of the program's computing result.
Now ZK or like kind of a cryptographic proof is actually very hard to learn mathematical
concept.
Before you have something like Pico ZKVM, all you can do is actually write the program
in mathematical equations if you want to kind of make it a provable.
But with ZKVM, what you can do is you can just write very high level language just like
you write any software and then you can make this entire program provable and verifiable.
So this is also how we're changing how blockchains are built and operated today.
So Ethereum itself is actually moving towards a ZK oriented architecture.
So instead of every validator in Ethereum, like millions of them, repeat the same kind
of computation again and again.
What now you can do is to have one validator do a very large amount of computation and
generate a very small proof that you can use so that everyone else can just verify the
proof of the computation is done correctly and then the blockchain can move forward.
What this means is that you can actually use any hardware you have today, like even on
your phone, to run a full node of Ethereum and reach maximal decentralization and at
the same time maximal scalability.
Like I'm talking about a hundred times better scalability of today's Ethereum blockchain.
So to do this, what you need is an extremely fast ZK VM so that you can actually catch
up with the blockchain production time.
Like for Ethereum blocks it is produced every 12 seconds, so you need to actually be able
to generate the proof of block execution within that 12 seconds.
And this is what we do, ZK VM is as fast as ZK VM that allows you to generate the ZK proof
for a blockchain execution within 12 seconds for 99% of Ethereum blocks.
So as I mentioned there are numerous kind of use cases that you can use Brevis to build
but I want to first share today with you that some of the use cases are even beyond just
the blockchain applications.
We're actually actively working on some AI-based applications.
So I'm very happy to introduce a new product we built called Brevis Vera.
We're trying to solve a very critical problem in Brevis Vera today, that is if you see a
viral media, like a viral photo or viral movie or video online, the first question now you
ask is always, is this actually real, is a video actually generated by AI or not?
Well, one way you can do this is to use AI to defeat AI, use an AI model to defeat or
to detect whether a video or a photo is actually generated by AI, but that is a never-ending
arms race because you never can beat an AI with another AI.
So what we're here trying to do is to provide a different solution that enables you to generate
a test station of what is real.
So we're not detecting what is fake, we're actually testing what is real.
So we enable you to essentially start your entire test station chain from your device
capture.
So when you're capturing a photo on your device, you get a cryptographic signature of the raw
data.
And then even if you added all this data, even if you added all this kind of video,
we can use our ZKVM to generate a zero-knowledge proof to show that the end result of the
video or photo that you show is actually coming from a real device capture instead of generated
by AI.
So this way, you can solve the AI deep fake problem 100%.
There's no kind of a fake, you know, AI deep fake possibility as long as you can prove
the video you upload or the image you upload is actually real.
So you know, Brevis Vera's beta is already live and we're working and talking to some
of the biggest photo editing companies in the world and digital media editing companies
in the world to integrate Vera in their core product.
And you know, another very important category of application we power is something called
Intelligent DeFi.
So for example, we're working with PancakeSwap and to power their kind of a, you know, plug-in
based, you know, DAX's approach that allows you to essentially customize user experience
based on user's historical interaction with the protocol and application.
So for example, now in PancakeSwap, if you actually swapped a lot in this month, and
you can use Brevis to generate a ZK proof and get a trading fee discount in the next
month.
So you know, another side of Brevis and another side of ZK, you know, in a...