around your business is affecting.
That's actually, you know, we've been seeing these news
last couple of weeks.
And so again, can your project survive,
provide real solution, but also can your project survive
10 years at minimum?
Like I hope it's longer than 10 years.
But I do truly believe that the way for business
to succeed, then actually my first work in the industry,
that company was very much focused on security.
It was hard for us to even do a lot of business thing
because security sometimes feel like it's blocking,
but that was the way for the business to survive.
And so how can you build applications
that actually provide real solution?
That's one thing, but also how do you sustain the business
to not just financially, so just if you only think
about the financial survival and then that solution
doesn't stick, so you need to think about
whether you're providing real solution to the end users.
And then it comes from real motivations of you, yeah.
Yeah, and I want to thank Aya again
for your first time in Hong Kong
and directly talk to the broader ecosystem audience here.
And I think what we'll take from today
is that Ethereum Foundation is just like many of others.
Just like many of others, yeah.
And everyone, if you want to build on Ethereum,
just do it, but they are still very important
is that there are some still very key principles
we need to keep on, yeah.
And keep that and then build something
towards the next 10 years towards the applications.
Thank you.
Thank you both.
Please take a picture first.
Please take a picture first, yeah.
And just a quick note about the organizer today
is the Ethereum Application Guild, AKA EAG,
a global non-profit collaborative organization
dedicated to advancing the innovation, adoption,
and real-world impact of Ethereum native applications.
And up next, Austin Griffiths, head of Builder Girls
at the Ethereum Foundation on building on Ethereum with AI.
And Austin will be connecting with us through the internet.
Hi, Austin, can you hear us?
Yes, I can, can you hear me?
Yes, how are you feeling today?
Oh, I'm feeling great.
It's still yesterday for me, but I'm ready.
Okay, you can start anytime.
Okay, GM, GM, GM, thank you for having me, EAG.
So yeah, does my validator look good
on the big screen up there?
Can you see my Ethereum validator running
in the background making blocks?
Okay, so we're gonna talk about building on Ethereum with AI.
We're going to go through some concrete examples,
look at some skill files,
but my goal here is to help you learn
how to build on Ethereum.
The confession I have to make
is that I haven't written a line of code
in a year and a half, maybe two years.
So I've been using AI to build on Ethereum for a long time,
and I'm gonna show you some of my tips and tricks
about how to build on Ethereum.
Hopefully you can see my screen and we can get going here.
Let me jump to the next slide.
Okay, so I wanna talk about this builder
versus this developer, first of all.
I was the head of developer growth at the EF,
but I'm changing my title to head of builder growth
because I think there's this widening archetype.
I think developers are into the syntax
and they know how to write a lot of code,
but you know what, AI is really good at that these days.
So with AI and with the tools that we have,
I think there's this widening archetype of a builder,
and that could be anyone anywhere
with a good idea of something to put on Ethereum
that will help cypherpunks all around the world
use Ethereum in a cool way.
So what I'm trying to get to is that we are all builders
and you don't have to be a developer anymore
and you can use AI to build on top of Ethereum.
So if you're following the AI space,
you probably sometimes have a feeling of
it's hard to keep up with everything.
And first of all, it's new, everything,
it's still the wild west, it's still the frontier.
Just try to embrace AI a little bit.
And I think that probably one of the best places to learn
is still Twitter, same thing with crypto.
It's sort of like crypto Twitter
is one of the best places to learn.
Twitter, go follow people that put out really good AI content
and you'll have lots of cool things
that you can learn from there.
And you wanna start thinking
from a higher layer of abstraction.
Instead of saying, go write this line of code,
go center this div, you should be saying,
go build an NFT marketplace that's gasless.
And the AI will get really good at building these things
with some skill files that we'll talk about in a little bit.
But also beware of the LARPs, right?
There's so many people faking it on Twitter too.
There's so many people that say like,
I have my local model hooked up
and I'm building code as fast as Opus.
Sadly, they're not building as fast
as these frontier models.
So beware of the LARPs.
Okay, so the first thing is the evolution
of building with AI.
Let's talk through that.
First of all, we were copy pasting things into chat GPT
and bringing them across into our code, right?
And then after that, we had cursor
and you could finally have the AI kind of looking
at your code and working with you in line.
And then Claude code came along
and you could kind of have this team of agents
or kind of an agent like thing in your CLI
and it was working with you in building code.
And then this real inflection point happened in November.
That was when Opus 4.5 came out
and that particular model was good enough
that it could actually start one-shotting apps.
I built this QR code generator just a little bit ago.
It's this little guy here.
All I did was give it like one prompt
to make a QR code generator.
And there it is, like there's the QR code generator.
So it's pretty good at building things
and Opus 4.5 can one-shot these things quickly.
So this turning point happened,
oops, I think I might be frozen.
Hopefully it's okay.
This turning point happened with Opus 4.5 in November,
this major inflection point when the model was good enough
that it could one-shot these apps.
And it's still, if you even take Opus 4.7
and you tell it to one-shot an app on Ethereum,
it's gonna have a lot of troubles
because Ethereum moves so fast
and there's so many things that aren't built into the LLM,
but we'll get to that in a little bit.
I think what I wanna get to here is the evolution
after this inflection point, after we had Opus 4.5,
the next thing that came was these agent harnesses
that sort of created these agents, right?
Once you had an AI agent and you could talk to it,
they weren't just chat bots anymore.
They were actually, you could spin up your open claw
and you could talk to your open claw
and it could control your computer.
And so many things kind of shook loose from that
and this is my favorite thing to build with.
So with open claw, I have a whole army of agents
inside my telegram.
I used to write code with my fingers.
I don't do that anymore.
I just get on telegram and I say,
hey agent, go build me this,
or go add this feature to this website.
And it's not just some website somewhere,
it's actual things that you connect your wallet through,
actual crypto apps, building smart contracts.
So I have an army of agents
that are deploying smart contract apps.
I even have an agent pipeline
where people can hire my agents to build things
and then they can pay in USDC on chain.
And my agent has built a couple of smart contracts
that have like a quarter of a million dollars
in them right now.
And a human didn't even look at the code.
Now, this is dangerous and a little scary
and everyone shouldn't do this,
but I'm just talking about
this is getting to be more and more accessible
and someone with a good idea and a good skill file
and a good agent can build things right away.
So what is an agent, right?
An agent is kind of just like an LLM with a game loop
and a set of tools, right?
You can kind of think of that loop
as just like a control structure where you're prompting it
and then it has some memory.
And agents are really good
for really like open-ended tasks, right?
So when you're going to build something,
you don't have to give it a single feature anymore.
You don't have to say center the div,
put this text there, right?
An agent is good at sort of starting to figure out
these more general purpose things
and you can start to talk to your agent
with these nice models at a higher level of abstraction.
And so my setup, I have a bunch of OpenClaw
or Hermes or some other harness,
but right now I'm using OpenClaw.
And what I do is for every project,
I set up an OpenClaw agent that is the product manager.
And then I set up an OpenClaw agent
with the same shared workspace that is the builder.
Usually that's Opus.
So I'll have Opus 4.7 as my builder
and then I'll have a product manager.
Sometimes I have two product managers.
Sometimes I'll have Sonnet as one product manager
and sometimes I'll have Minimax M27 as another.
And it's like a very, very cheap model.
So if I'm just like chatting with my code,
telling it to do a get push, I'm probably using Minimax.
If I'm chatting and I'm thinking of how we're gonna go
about making this next feature,
I'm probably talking to Sonnet.
And then when it goes to build the thing,
it will push it all to Opus
and that agent will build the thing
and then Sonnet will probably run some tests.
But what's really nice about having a set of agents
for one project is anytime I need to go back
to that project, I can just go back to that Telegram channel
and say, hey, let's add this new feature
and it already has all of the context for that
and it can jump right in and build that thing.
And I always find myself kind of wavering
between efficient and effective.
And what I mean by that is my agents will be really effective
at building something, but it will be very expensive.
I'll spend hundreds of dollars in one day.
And then, so I'll try to make it more efficient
and I'll try to use Minimax M7 more.
And then it's just not as effective
and it messes up a little bit.
And then I'm back to paying more
and I kind of find myself kind of going
between these two things.
And I think what you need to do
is have your general purpose agent that you're talking to
but understand that it's expensive
and then have specific agents for specific jobs
and try to have them be more efficient.
So you have your general purpose
that's very effective and expensive
and then have your specific agents that do specific things
and you can make them more and more efficient
with their workflows.
Okay, so the million dollar question right now
is how you give your agent a wallet.
It loves private keys, right?
I can give my OpenClaw a private key
and it can use Foundry and Cast
and it can go send money here and put money there
and it's very fast and very good at doing that.
But there's a little scary part about that.
My agent will get in a chat room
and be chatting with someone
and send over the private key if they ask nicely for it.
So you have to be very careful
if you give your agent a private key
to just keep a tiny amount of money in it,
just enough for gas to do what it needs to do.
You can give your agent a browser wallet
and that like MetaMask or Kohaku who's coming out soon
and it can use that, but it's a little clunky
and it's still trying to figure that out.
So we're not quite there with that, but it works.
My agent can use a MetaMask.
It does it every day when it needs to.
It even wrote its own app and then used its MetaMask
to interface with the app all night long.
It was moderating.
It was a PFP marketplace
and it was moderating the marketplace,
making sure nothing nasty got posted to it.
What we really need though is something like a passkey.
I think the best agent wallet would be something
where an agent can have something signed
like a transaction signed,
but then it can't leak the private key.
It needs access to be able to use the private key,
but it can't leak the private key.
And I think that's the million dollar question right now.
And there's a lot of people building agent wallets.
If you get on Twitter and start searching for agent wallets,
you're going to find a lot of them.
One of my favorite ways to have my agent use crypto
is with a multisig.
I'll have my agent either deploy its own multisig
or talk to my gnosis safe.
And what I'll tell it,
I'll tell it some intent in plain English.
Please go swap this for that,
or please send these tokens to ATG or Vitalik.ETH.
And it will basically send me back a link
and I'll click that link
and I'll go sign the transaction in my multisig.
So there's a lot of different flavors
of agentic wallets right now,
but this is definitely a hot topic to keep an eye on.
Okay, when you're building,
it really comes down to having a good AI model
and a good harness.
Right now, we're just going to say
that the state of the art is Opus 4.7
and Hermes or OpenClaw or Clodcode or Cursor.
Any of these things are good.
So let's say you have Cursor or you have Clodcode
or you have OpenClaw.
Any of these are great.
Select Sonnet or Opus,
depending on how much money you want to spend,
maybe a cheaper one you could try,
maybe some local AI, right?
Always try to get that local AI going
and it's always awesome when it's free.
You just got to have a lot of local hardware.
But what you do is you're going to need skill files, okay?
And if you're building anything right now
that agents may want to interface with,
you absolutely should have a skill file.
You should have a slash skill.md on your website.
So whatever your website is, something.com slash skill.md.
And inside that skill.md, it should be plain text,
just marked down, that explains in plain English
everything that an agent can do and where to interface
and what the API routes are.
Basically, an agent can land on your website,
go to skills.md and quickly learn about it.
So also there's code.
If you give your agent code, it's more deterministic.
It's really good at using deterministic code
to get things done.
So anything you find yourself doing often,
quit telling your general purpose agent to do that thing
and write a piece of code for it
and have it be a tool for your agent
so your agent can just call it.
Okay, so the skill file that I really want to show off today
is ethskills.com.
Ethskills.com is a skill library
that I've been building with my team,
the Builder Growth team at the EF.
And it's a very highly curated skill library
that helps upgrade your agent
to be able to deploy things on Ethereum.
There's a large delta between what the LLM knows
and what has happened on main net Ethereum.
There's things like gas
and things like how to ship
and what different tools you need.
This is an interesting thing that the LLMs don't know
when you wake them up
and you have to give them a skill file.
And this skill file gets them from I'm waking up
and I don't know about anything in the last two years
to I know exactly how to deploy on main net Ethereum
and I know how to use the tools.
So ethskills.com for giving your agent the ability to build.
You can have cloud code, you can have cursor,
you can have open claw, and you can just tell it,
go to ethskills.com and learn how to do this
and then let's go build X or Y or Z.
And there's a QR code there for you to go to ethskills.
And what it looks like is just this big block of text, right?
It's this wild kind of like, oh, I can't even look at it.
It's probably, you probably can't even read it
on the screen.
But it's just a bunch of information in plain text
and it helps the agent learn all the different things
that it needs to know.
And we've curated this list.
So these things that are in this are things
that the LLM doesn't already know.
If it already knew this, we'd be polluting the context.
So you want to have really important things.
And there's a huge list of context here.
This is my craziest slide.
We've got, you know, how to ship the protocol wallets.
There's so many things here,
but this teaches your agent everything
about building on Ethereum.
Okay, so how do you use it?
This is the best part.
You don't have to install anything.
You can just tell your agent to go read each skills
and it can even, you can even tell it like,
go read each skills
and make sure there's nothing bad about this.
Make sure there's nothing nefarious
and it can look at it and make sure there's nothing bad.
So just tell your agent to go read each skills.
Eventually, you might even want to tell your agent
to install each skills and it will take in all these files,
but they're just text files.
It's so cool.
There's nothing to ask to run.
You can just bring in this like library
into your thing that's just a bunch of text files
and it learns Kung Fu immediately
and it can build all kinds of cool smart contract apps.
So this is for you as the user.
Right, the AI needs each skills,
but the human still needs the concepts.
So you as the human should go to speed run Ethereum.
So speed run Ethereum is a great place for you,
the human to learn the concepts.
One really critical concept is the liquidation method
in over collateralized lending.
Now there's a lot of words there
and it sounds pretty complicated,
but basically what happens is there's this automatic thing
that happens that makes sure that a loan
never goes underwater.
The protocol always stays whole.
And the way that it runs this thing
is two very important concepts.
First of all, the rules are written correctly.
And second of all,
there's an incentive to push the button.
Anybody out there can push this button
to liquidate a loan when it's liquidatable.