for 10 years has had zero downtime. This is better than Google, this is better than Amazon,
this is better than Azure. And government and institutions really recognize that, that
resilience, that battle-testedness. And having been around for so long, there's almost this
concept of lindiness. It's gone through enough that it's trusted. And people care about trust.
People care about risk minimization. And there is no better network and there's no better
ecosystem than Ethereum for doing this. And it's like very obvious. It's often the reason
why it's the number one place to go. This is actually a good setup for my question for
Samuel, actually. Because what Mo has spoken about is how battle-tested Ethereum is. And so,
Samuel, you work for Lido, right? It's one of the largest, most battle-tested staking providers in
the space. And since today I'm trying to be a bit more controversial, I'm going to just go straight
to it. Lido is the largest staking provider in all of Ethereum. And some people have kind of
criticized it as a centralization vector. However, Lido has taken a lot of efforts to help to
decentralize its validator set. I mean, you've been also doing some of the work with community
staking. So I'm curious, and I'm sure the audience is also curious, how meaningful is this
decentralization aspect of the Lido staking set? And why, and is it effective in practice?
Yeah, I guess it's true that Lido is the largest liquid staking protocol by TVL. And it's also the
largest DeFi protocol today at 21 to 22 billion USD. Lido's liquid staking token, SDEath, also
serves as a foundation for many of the leading DeFi use cases today, you know, in the likes of
Pendle, Athena, Aave, Spark, Morpho, Fluid, you know, all these on-chain borrowing and lending
protocols is also being used as collateral by, you know, asset managers, fund managers, hedge
funds, on centralized exchanges, on even decentralized venues as well. And to address the,
maybe the implied, you know, systemic risk concern here, right, is that there are at least four ways
that Lido is addressing this. Number one, decentralization. Number two, security. Number
three, transparency. And number four, an ever-improving protocol design. So Lido is
not a single entity controlling all of the stake, you know. Lido as a protocol does not run any node
infrastructure or validated infrastructure by itself. There are more than 700 independent node
operators serving the TVL of the Lido protocol. So no single node operator has been programmatically
delegated more than 1% of the total StakeEath market share. So that reduces or mitigates the
correlation risk very significantly by itself. Decentralization also happens on the DAO level,
the protocol level, or the governance level. So Lido is one of the only fully on-chain
DAOs in the space where the voting outcomes are automatically implemented. You don't need a
separate team of like, you know, small 5% council to actually implement the results of the governance
voters. On top of that, Lido has pioneered this thing called the dual governance framework,
where not only the governance token holders are able to vote on protocol upgrades,
as the ETH holders, or the users of the protocol, are also able to delay the implementation of any
contentious protocol upgrades or DAO proposals until they have had time to exit the protocol.
So that's on the decentralization efforts part. In terms of security, the protocol has invested,
I think, more than 4 million US dollars over the past five years into security efforts,
audit reports, security research, bounty programs, etc. There's more than 70 audit
reports produced. The protocol is also fully open source, so it benefits from the global
mindshell of developers looking at the protocol every day. What's the third item? Transparency,
yes. So the Lido protocol voluntarily reports a lot on the protocol performance, on the performance
of its node operator set, on the protocol health, even like postmortems on security incidents. So
it is one of the most transparent and data-rich DAOs you can find out there.
And last but not least, an ever-improving protocol design. QZ, you mentioned there are new modules
launched on the Lido protocol since the start of the protocol in 2020. So today there are three
modules. Number one is the curated set, number two is the simple dbt module, and number three
the community staking module, all of which adds up to more than 700 independent node operators.
So Lido also pioneered the adoption of distributed validator technologies, which
improves redundancy for and liveness for the Ethereum validator set, and also improves the
decentralization. So that's a lot of work for liquid staking. Yeah, and I would also challenge
the notion a little bit. It kind of implies that institutions would de facto try to use Lido
when they first explore the space, but actually it's not true because they will have to explore
native staking first. And they will, to what Serena mentioned, they want a familiar legal
structure to interact with for a start, and they need some way to outsource the legal liability.
So in essence, they need a traditional service contract when they first start exploring the
space, and then slowly they'll move to liquid staking. Right, so I'm also genuinely curious,
like that sounds like a lot of work to come on board. Why? Are institutions interested in
DeFi so much? Right, why do they even want to do this? Yes. Yeah, so obviously DeFi brings a lot
of cost efficiencies to their cost structure, right? It also brings a lot of new opportunities,
new business cases for their businesses, right? So it's both a cost-saving endeavor and a revenue
increasing endeavor. Yeah, I guess what institutions would look for when they explore liquid staking
is twofold. Maybe I condense it to one sentence first. It's the optionality that comes with
liquidity. So this optionality manifests itself in two layers. Number one, they are able to
offer rapid withdrawals to their users, for example, or to their own entities. Number two
is the opportunity to enhance their rewards through the Ethereum DeFi ecosystem. Yeah,
and that can only happen when you have a liquidity layer on top of native staking,
which is liquid staking. Yeah, so eventually they will want to explore liquid staking,
but they will need to work with the regulators to get there. Do you have a QSC for your entity
customer? For example, you attract the liquidity on LIDL? Yeah, so LIDL by itself is a permissionless
protocol, so anyone anywhere can use it, right? The KYC component, it should be left to the
institutions who are building on top of the LIDL protocol. Okay, thank you. So this is great because
you mentioned that point, right? Because I want to talk a bit more about hash keychain.
I mean, now that you've built the infrastructure and both of you have kind of touched base about
the need for compliance and security, what are some of the most high in-demand applications that you
think should be built or your clients or your partners are demanding looking for?
Let me think about it. Do you want to know our new trend of the compliance product or
what kind of point? Or maybe I hear people are interested in agentic payments? Agent payments?
Yeah, well we got a RWA session, for example, the tokenization.
And we participate in the Google payment. And we also have our own HSP payment protocol,
and it's the base technology for the agent payment in the future.
That sounds pretty exciting. Yeah. So just to get you right, I think
hash key, when you launch a new chain, it kind of
threads the line between strict institutional compliance and innovation.
Yeah, it's a fine line, but there are something to do. For example, we're going to launch
a native DAX of our hash keychain named HSKSwap. And the main feature for it is we will launch some
RWA assets. And we will launch some pool, like stocks. And we're going to launch new features.
We will put some stocks like SpaceX, like pre-IPO on it. And we cooperate with a
licensed custodian store, Hybrid Trade. He will integrate their API on our HSKSwap.
When the industry comes to today, if we only focus on the native DeFi, maybe
we will have a little bit of a limitation on it. So we want to put a lot of effort on the stocks.
First, maybe the American stocks. And the next, maybe we want to explore some other
region's stocks. Yeah. That sounds actually pretty exciting to be able to get into SpaceX.
So my next question is actually for Mo. And I think we've kind of seen a bit of a
conversation about institutions and what Ethereum can provide. And you mentioned about Lindy.
From an educational perspective, once again, how do you think we can better communicate what
Ethereum can afford and what institutions are looking for? Because you can start to see there's
a parallel here. Yeah, I think that's a fantastic question. I think one thing that is extremely
important and we're already starting to do, I think we should continue doing is help define
what types of adoption we think are important. The type of adoption that strengthens the core
properties that we value in Ethereum. And if we don't do that, then that gets done for us.
And I think we're starting to do that more and more. Now, I will say that that doesn't come
in conflict with what institutions want to do. It turns out that institutions actually really
do care about censorship resistance because they want to be able to do transactions without some
other organization censoring them. They really do care about open source because they don't want
to be locked into a vendor that they can't basically move away from. They actually really
do care about privacy and they most definitely care about security. So oftentimes when people
talk about these properties, they're like, oh, they come in conflict, but they don't.
I think if we marry those two, tell people about what kinds of properties are important and why
in a way that they understand is extremely important. And I think they are actually
conducive. The second is actually being also transparent about what doesn't work.
We were talking about earlier how the wallet infrastructure, the custody infrastructure,
that stuff actually needs a lot of work. And if we can do that, I think that will help basically
bring to light the areas that we can invest in some more. Those are the things that I think
are really important that we should highlight more. And in terms of the adoption piece,
why do institutions care about a lot of this stuff? Blockchains have been amazing for a couple
of reasons. One is that they're open and inherently we've been building an adversarial environment,
which means they're the most resilient, they're the most safe. And the opportunity with Ethereum
in general is that it opens up new markets, like Stablecoin is an example of this. It's going to
hear $400 billion, $500 billion, a trillion dollars. And every smart organization at scale
understands that. So they really want to. And I think the space that we want to move forward
is to get those two bridges a bit closer, and we're doing that. So that's a good point, which is
that the key properties that you mentioned are actually not in tension with what institutions
actively looking for. And if we can better communicate that, it would help. So what do
you have to say for some of the feedback that we've gotten that Ethereum is too principled
and that it's actually not being pragmatic? I think it ends up being a fantastic filter for
the types of adoption that we want. So the principles are the things that keep us together
and what we should continue to enhance. So following that tension, the last point
would be about UX, because a lot of the attempts at improving Ethereum UX has been at the cost of
some of these principles. So actually for Patrick, this is just a final question for you, which is
that when you're in conversation with a lot of these institutions, how much of this progress
about improving UX while still remaining true to our principles is visible to these institutions?
And where do you think it's going to go from here? I think there's two ways to answer that. So I think
first off, a lot of the problems institutions have when they interface with crypto is just the sheer
technical difficulty to do so. You know, it's not even about trade-offs and principles. It's just
they just try to download Metamask, they get their hardware wallet, they go and go and save or use
Wallet Connect, and they're just like, boom, it didn't work. So then what they have to use is more
like a custodial bank-like MPC service provider where there's a counterparty. And sometimes they
like that. They like the idea they can call someone up and be like, oh, I'm logged out, help me.
I like that too, yeah. Yeah, people do like that, of course. It's all about counterparty risk.
But the problem is that if we can't get the software to work, they're forced to be in that
direction and they no longer have a choice. It's not an option. So that's one thing we need to fix
because otherwise they will rise up and all our goals towards removing counterparties and
enabling the individual and institution. And by the way, institutions who hold millions of dollars,
if they can reduce counterparty risk or remove it, that's a big win for them.
Another way to answer, and I was sort of debating about how to answer this here, and I want to
maybe get a flavor of the audience before I do. So one last time to raise your hands,
if your job is to deal with like regulations or legal agreements or licenses as part of your job,
you know, raise your hand if you have to deal with legal agreements on a daily basis.
Anyone here has to deal with legal agreements. I think some people, I bet they do. Everyone's
really shy, aren't they? So the reason why do I bring that up? So I think it's really important
for institutions because they understand, you know, regulations. The whole point of a regulation
is to set rules that protect consumers and they have to adhere to these rules.
Legal agreements are about rules of engagement. I send an agreement review and this sets the rules
of how we engage. And the license is really to say that I've proved to someone, you know,
a trusted third party, maybe some, you know, authority that I adhere to the regulation
and I'm a good actor and I'm doing my best. But in all three scenarios, the issue is that if I break
the rules, it's not detected for a very long time. You know, a user can't detect when a rule is
broken, neither can an authority. And when it does get detected, you have to spend like months or
even a year, you know, winding back and working out when was the rule broken and what are the
consequences of that. And obviously every institution hates that. It's difficult to
detect when rules are broken and then it's hard to do recourse or resolve the dispute.
What's really, really nice about blockchains is that they're publicly verifiable and the rules
are enforced in real time. If you say these are the rules of engagement, these are the rules of how
the system works and these are the rules you have to follow. The smart contract code will enforce
that for every single transaction in real time. It's, you know, it's not instead of being, you know,
I won't be evil, it's I can't be evil. And when you say that to an institution, they're like,
boom, light bulb. I get it. That is why this is awesome. And I want to interact with it. And then,
of course, the UI blows up because like, oh, this is too hard. So we really need to fix the UI
because it has all the properties that institutions want. And they get it once you explain it in no
manner in their language and you make that comparison. Thank you. And so that concludes the
panel for today. Congratulations to the launch of the Ethereum Applications Guild. I think we
have a bright future ahead and I'll see you next year. Thank you, everyone. Let's take a picture
before you leave the stage. Camera. Thanks again to everyone for the great discussion.
We now arrive at our final panel for this chapter, Ethereum Meets Hardware,
From Devices to Autonomous Systems. Please welcome our moderator, Leo Lin,
co-founder of Akring, along with our panelists, Ben Zhai, CEO of Robo AI,
Wallace Lin, General Manager Hong Kong at Star5, Nijika, Head Product Manager at Liptik Tech,
and Kelly Luo, VP at Face Technology. Please welcome them all. Good afternoon, everyone.
Welcome to this panel. Yeah, Ethereum Meets Hardware, From Devices to Autonomous Systems.
So I'm the co-founder of Akring. My name is Leo Lin and the Akring is the global renewable
energy network and we connect the renewable energy sources like the solar panel, the strawberry,
and the multi-time energy asset with the on-chain protocol. And we are quite focused on the
IoT and the blockchain, the Web3, the hardware, the interior innovation, and also driving the
initiative of the smart open machine economy. So it's super happy to be here to moderate the session
so when people are talking about the Ethereum, so most people think about the finance, the asset,
the smart contract, but today's panel we will discuss with a little bit different angle.
So can the Ethereum be part of the coordination layer for the machine, the hardware, the device,
the aging, and the open, the hardware, the system? Because when the hardware has the intelligence
become the physical AI agent and we believe that gradually they will be the autonomous
and definitely the device, the hardware will need the identity, the trust, the verification,
the coordination, and in some cases also the economy interaction. So today we will explore
this with the four different but highly connected examples by our four panelists and they are coming
from the industry. It's very important and the RoboEye is a non-statistic company and
offering the RoboCard, the Evoto, and all those are cool, you know, the mobile robotics
are the solution and Starfy is leading the open source, the RISC-FI, the chipset, the platform,
the provider. Last year they were just invited by the Hong Kong IC. Yeah, very cool.
And the LipTik is the shining star. Cool. And they offer the AI-based camera and the AI
visual solution. And FaceTech, they are very innovative. The solution provider offers the
renewable energy and the solar battery, the solution. So let's start today's panel discussion.
So firstly we let our panelists to have the self-introduction and also share
what exactly does the hardware and the technology connecting with the easily and also the broader
the ecosystem. Let's start with the Ben from the RoboEye. Thank you, Leo.
Actually I've been looking forward to this session not only because of the fellow panelists
and our dear friend from Akron, Leo, and a lot of friends sitting in the audience but also I really
look forward to the next session to Mr. Xiaofeng and Vitalik. The reason I said this is we are a
public listed company in Nasdaq but based in Dubai because you know you can imagine it took
a lot of effort to come all the way from Dubai given what's going on over there to come to join
this session. Why we think it's very important because our company RoboEye was listed in
Nasdaq a few years ago but initially as an EV company as you know 10 years ago that was a really
the starting point of the Chinese EV industry. We were quite lucky we started business more
than 10 years ago and three years ago we went public initially as an EV company and then I
think over the last couple years the EV industry has been extremely competitive and as a Dubai-based
hardware company that you know our supply chain our manufacturing cost and technology and so on
and so forth we need to find something very different from the traditional hardware manufacturer.
So luckily over the last couple years the board and the management we looked around to see what's
there for the future because UAE as a country has been always focusing on the technology of the future.
So luckily we had a lot of interactions with the companies in blockchain, Hushkey, Hushglobal
and Akron and over the last 12 months we have you know finally found our future direction
and almost our destination, our destiny we call machine economy. That's when we see the potential
that the smart mobility where we came from to connect with the smart machine where we are
investing like a final panelist but eventually moving to the smart assets that to meet and
connect with the blockchain. So that was a basically the high level visions of the company
and I'm happy to share more in the next round. Thank you. Hello thank you for having us here.
My name is Wallace, I'm from Star5 Hong Kong. Our company was founded in 2018. It's leading efforts
in the RISC-V space in IPs as well as ship designs and more recently actually in also designing and
deploying total solutions around RISC-V. Where I see RISC-V comes into play with Ethereum as well
as the web-free ecosystem is really around free areas. I think one is about enhanced execution
efficiency you know how our open architecture actually enables that. The other one is actually
also about how we can actually support the zero knowledge proving with our technology and last
but not least you know also is essentially how we can enable you know a lot of the you know off-chain
activities via our technology as well. So our company is relatively new to this space but we're
definitely very excited about what's happening in this space and definitely hope that the hard
work can play a key role in integrating with the software solutions. Yeah thank you. Hello guys,
it's so good to be here. I am Nijika, I'm from the Leap2Tech and I am working on the imaging
technology and for recent years we see that the imaging devices like GoPros doesn't like
like the cameras you just take the photos but only the it's not only for the capture moment
but also they help the records and understand people's life and when you in the past and
the people take the photos and you have to recognize this kind of thing and you should
take the person and now the cameras come to continuous recording
and it's not only for the creative materials anymore it is also data for the visual memory
library. The device records automatically and then model understands, organizes, indexes
and records that data, highlights rows, reminders, meeting notes and recommendations.
Devices are becoming more and more connected in Webbrie and this is why we are here
to build a corner in the layer to make these cameras, glasses,
AI rings, like phones, like vacuums, cars, chips, we are building a family that
all the computers work in the same works in the open network so thanks.
Thank you Leo. Hello everyone. I'm from Shenzhen Face Technology, a national high tech enterprise
focusing on IoT and new energy. We develop a four core household new energy system which is
affordable, manageable and operational and sustainable built on our self-developed hardware.
We mainly serve energy poor households in Africa, Asia and Latin America providing stable and clean
distributed residential power solutions. We have a full chain research and development capabilities
with core products including household energy storage, portable power stations and cloud
management platform. Our products are reliable and easy to deploy and suitable for large-scale
applications overseas. On how we interrogate our products in with Web3, first we connect
our hardware with blockchain. All devices can generate real and traceable energy carbon data
which is uploaded on chain and to clarify asset ownership. Second, we use Web3 to acculate