that keeps the protocol whole
because someone's always gonna push the button
because you get paid to do that.
And this is one of those little aha moments
of building on top of Ethereum
is how you build something that runs
even when you walk away.
I was talking about the walk away test earlier.
You want to be able to deploy something
and be able to walk away.
And it's almost like a two-sided market
where people can coordinate
and they can do all the things
and everything is automatic
and you never have to touch anything.
And that's the beauty of building
a perfectly decentralized system
and building on top of Ethereum.
And you can learn all of these concepts
by going to speedrunetherium.com.
And there's a little QR code there to check that out.
Okay, so let me even show you,
let's jump over to,
so there's ETH skills, right?
All those concepts, really cool.
You just click that and it copies it
and you paste it and you give it to your agent.
But let's look at speedrunetherium real quick.
So there's all of these different lessons.
And what's really cool is this is AI driven.
So if we wanted to go to this crowdfunding one,
I have it right here,
you can download it locally and then you run it
and you basically just say slash start
and you get this little tutor.
You have this AI tutor that takes you through things.
And you can say like, keep going, keep building.
And it's basically telling me
that it wants to do this certain thing
and I tell it to keep going.
And now it's gonna go back
and start writing my smart contract for me.
So it's sitting here writing my smart contracts for me.
And I have a little tutor
that's going to even ask me questions.
I can ask my tutor questions.
And then you have a nice UI to interface with your app.
So you have this working smart contract app
with a front end and a smart contract.
And then you have an AI tutor
that's teaching you through the things.
Okay, let's wrap it up.
Speedrun Ethereum is there.
So for the human, you use speedrunetherium.com.
For your AI agent, you use ethskills.com.
Those are the two important links
that I wanna make sure I share.
Okay, so in a multi-agent future,
I think this is coming, right?
Imagine a whole company of agents talking.
Agents are gonna need to be able to trust each other.
One agent that's a generalized agent
will maybe need to hire a specialized agent
that does some things like say image generation
or text generation is pretty simple,
but maybe it's a travel agent, right?
It's actually someone that books a plan
or books a flight for you.
Maybe there's a flight booking agent
and your generalized agent would rather pay it
a fraction of a fraction of a cent.
I think agents are going to be hiring each other soon.
And I think what they'll need is some layer
to pay each other and some layer to trust each other.
And that's where ERC 8004 and X402 come in.
These are new standards that help agents
discover each other, trust each other with reputation
and pay each other.
So check out 8004 and X402.
Okay, and AI is the new UI.
Crypto is hard to use, it's complicated.
And sometimes like when you see the call data
or a smart contract, it's really nice to think about
you can just talk to an AI agent
and an AI agent can go make crypto transactions for you.
And you should be building apps that allow for this.
Aya talked about this real quick.
While you're building, you should be thinking of crops.
You should be building censorship resistant,
open source, private and secure applications.
Now, a lot of this comes out of the box
when you deploy something on Ethereum,
but there's a lot more that has to happen.
There was a new R skill within ETH skills
that'll help you build ZK circuits to do privacy.
Okay, that's it.
The last thing I wanna leave you with
is that it's never been a worst time in history
to be a junior developer,
but it's never been a better time in history
to be a solo entrepreneur.
And the difference between that is just your mindset.
Instead of trying to pad your resume
and get hired as a junior developer,
go be a solo entrepreneur
and build things that people wanna use.
It's never been easier to take a whole bunch of AI tools
off the shelf and get product market fit.
And you can get product market fit
and then hire your first developer.
All right, thank you very much.
I'm Austin Griffith from the EF.
I'm at Austin Griffith.
We've got the QR code there
for ETH skills for speed run Ethereum.
And then there's my Twitter.
I'm Austin at Ethereum.org if you wanna email me
and I'm at Austin Griffith.
Reach out, my DMs are open.
We're always building this cool skill file
and these cool tools to help you learn
how to build on Ethereum.
Thank you for having me.
Go build something awesome on Ethereum.
Thank you, Austin.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
We have now reached the final speech of chapter one.
Ethereum as infrastructure for deep self sovereignty
by Shreem Shinder,
team lead of academic secretariat at Ethereum Foundation.
Please welcome Shreem.
Thank you so much everyone for coming down today
and for having me to give this talk.
So today I'm going to talk about two things.
The first thing is that Ethereum is probably
history's first very serious attempt
at actually building infrastructures
that can allow for deep and complete self sovereignty.
And I'm also gonna talk about how researchers
and everyone in this room in fact
has a very critical role to play
in order to ensure that we succeed in this attempt.
So let me first talk about the context
or rather the problem that motivated a lot of things
that we see today in the Ethereum space.
A problem that many scholars had spent years
and almost their entire careers trying to solve.
The problem of how can humans effectively coordinate
without explicitly trusting the system
that they used for coordination.
So there have been a lot of very serious scholars
like Ostrom and Hobbes who've spent their entire careers
trying to solve this problem.
But the unfortunate reality is that
it's not until very recently
that a viable solution was found.
And as a result of that,
a lot of the systems that we see today in the world
actually build around this problem
rather than trying to solve this problem heads on.
Which is why we see that a lot of the systems
that we deal with in today's world
actually has what is called a back door.
So for example, if you look at systems like banking systems,
it's very easy for the centralized authorities
to freeze your account.
If you look at platforms, whether it's social media platforms
or whether it's gaming platforms,
it's very easy in the name of violation
of an arbitrary set of rules of conduct.
It's very easy for people to get deplatformed
without possibly serious reasons for it.
And now with the advent of AI,
we have a whole new set of back doors,
which is the models that we use
or we heavily depend on today.
They can very arbitrarily be withdrawn.
Their API can be shut down
and their rates could be locked down,
meaning that no new training happens.
And all of this just goes to say that
back doors structurally exist in most systems around us.
Now, I don't want to talk about what would happen
if they are exercised,
because that is often considered an edge case
and those really vary from scenario to scenario.
But I'd like to make the point that the very fact
that they exist itself shapes behavior of its users.
And this is a very important point
because it's not about whether they get exercised,
but it's about whether they structurally actually exist.
So people can preemptively self-censor
under the fear of getting deplatformed.
People can preemptively not build things
that actually need to be built.
And in very extreme cases,
they can even try to circumvent some of these systems,
which ends up causing more harm than it does good.
So that's the fundamental reality
that structural dependencies actually shape user behavior,
which brings us to think about the question of,
okay, is it possible for this back door
to not exist by construction?
Is it possible?
And what would happen in a scenario
where there is no back door?
And I think cryptography was the first serious tool.
And using it for the first time,
you could actually build technical primitives
to help humans coordinate,
where arbitrary revocability is not just an edge case,
or it's not just an unlikely scenario,
but it's architecturally impossible.
And the question was, okay,
now that we have these beautiful tools,
is it possible to make these programmable?
Is it possible to make these composable?
And is it possible to make it available
at a large scale for everyone?
And that's kind of where Ethereum comes into play.
And then that's, in many sense,
a lot of the motivations behind why Ethereum exists
and why a lot of the applications
that are built on top of Ethereum exist.
So Ethereum's claim is very precise, right?
It's programmable in the sense that
any rule can be specified and can be enforced
without a trusted third party.
It's composable in the sense that it guarantees stack.
And I'm gonna talk about this a little more
in the next few slides,
but also it's available at scale,
which means that anyone, anywhere,
without permission from any platform,
can actually take part in the system.
And each of these properties has, in the past,
been attempted in some shape or form,
but it's almost for the first time
that all these three guarantees can be achieved
at this very same time.
And that's kind of Ethereum's claim.
But the truth is, it actually doesn't end
at the protocol layer.
So in Aya's talk, she had briefly touched upon
how there are very important decisions
and important constraints and trade-offs to be considered
while designing the protocol layer.
But the harsh reality is that, given that every,
like given that the system is composable
and every piece of stack just goes one on top of the other,
even if the protocol is built
keeping all these properties in mind,
anywhere in the stack,
if that notion of self-sovereignty is broken,
then it never reaches the user.
So even at the consensus layer, execution layer,
or, very importantly, the application layer,
if things break down,
these guarantees that we want to give to the final user
can never actually reach the final user.
So just to make it a little more concrete,
here are some very concrete examples or scenarios
where these aspirations could actually break down.
So if you look at RPC concentration,
in a scenario where there are only two to three providers
which stand between most users and the protocol,
coordinated censorship by these handful of providers
can very easily guarantee,
the base layer guarantees obsolete.
If you look at block builder concentration,
if in a theoretical scenario,
the MEV supply chains are actually produced
by only a handful of dominated builders,
and these builders start to collude with each other
and start to coordinate with each other,
then transaction ordering
almost becomes commercially permissioned.
And if you look at AI agent infrastructure,
what if the proprietary interface endpoints
managing on-chain assets become a centralized choke point?
This essentially causes a choke point
at a very sensitive layer,
like the layer that actually makes decisions
on behalf of the user.
So the promise of composability
is that trustlessness stacks upward,
and it also introduces a risk
that a single non-trustless component
can break the guarantee for the whole stack.
So that's the context,
and now I'm gonna talk a little bit about
what it means for your work
and what are the ways in which
research can engage more deeply with these problems
to ensure that this guarantee
goes all the way up to the end user.
So I often like to talk
in the language of academic disciplines
because a lot of the audience that I like to engage with
are serious researchers.
So here are some ways that your expertise
is genuinely needed to solve this problem
and to ensure that these guarantees go all the way on top.
So for mechanism designers,
it's almost fundamental that
without the right incentive structures,
these coordination mechanisms fail,
and people will immediately turn back
to centralized intermediaries.
Cryptographers are more direct
because privacy and proof aggregation
are still open problems,
and this critical research is what will ensure
that the protocol's promises are actually keepable.
For AI researchers and AI builders in this room,
trustless infrastructure with an opaque model
isn't trustless, and this is a very big opportunity
and a very big open problem
that's actually waiting for a solution.
If you're a legal scholar or governance scholar,
on-chain governance, jurisdiction,
independent enforcement, and doubt design,
all of them need actual people
who understand legal frameworks,
people who understand how power works,
and not just merely how code works.
And similarly, for political economists,
looking at how decentralized systems avoid capture,
how you can actually sustain public goods,
which are the backbone of a lot of the applications
and a lot of things that are built in the space,
and how can you actually sustain them,
and how do you prevent power concentration.
These are all important political economy questions
that is waiting for your expertise.
And similarly, when you look at science
and knowledge studies, there are a lot of questions
around open access, provenance, and credentialing,
and this is what makes this infrastructure
actually trustless.
And this is a very structural solution
or structural dependencies on which
this technical infrastructure relies on.
And one more thing that I want to mention here
is that open source is often thought of
as just a filing requirement,
or open source is often thought of
as just like an afterthought.
But the truth is, even if you have...